Hey, this is the definitive course on AI
agents. I currently teach over 2,000
people how to use AI agents in both
their personal and business lives and
run a business that does over $4 million
a year using AI agents. So, you don't
need any programming or pre-existing
computer experience in order to make
this course work for you. I myself don't
have a formal computer science degree.
I've learned everything that I know
watching free resources like you're
doing now. This is also a general AI
agents course, so you don't need to know
any specific platform. This isn't just
on codecs or claw code or anti-gravity,
but rather on all of them. So, wherever
you guys are starting, you'll end up at
the same place. No fluff. Here's what
you're going to learn in this course.
First, I'll show you guys a demo where
I'm controlling five AI agents, each
with their own Chrome browsers as they
interact with the web and perform
economically valuable activities for me.
I wanted to frontload this course with a
demo so you guys could see what we're
working up to. And just a few months
ago, what I'm doing here would have been
considered absurd. Then, I'm going to
cover the core AI agent workflow loop,
which works independent of which
platform you're using. After that, I'm
actually going to talk about and then
sign up to the three major AI agent
platforms right now. So, I'll sign up to
codeex to anti-gravity and then cloud
code. And then after I'll cover what
each platform is at the moment the best
or the worst at. Then we're going to
dive into foundational AI agent
prompting techniques. So, selfmodifying
agent instructions where the agent will
rewrite its own rules to minimize the
number of errors made. Multi-agent MCP
orchestration which is where we'll
register codecs, Gemini, and Claude as
MCP servers so you can manage multiple
agents within a single conversation
thread. video to action pipelines where
we'll teach agents to learn from YouTube
videos instead of plain text alone.
Stochastic multi- aent consensus where
we'll spawn multiple agents with the
same prompt and then use their
statistical spread in order to ideulate
and improve things better. Agent chat
rooms where you'll build centralized
places for agents to debate ideas,
pushing them to much higher quality
answers than before. Subagent
verification loops where your agents
will actually review each other's work
in real time to catch things that one of
them might have missed. We'll talk
prompt contracts. I'll show you guys
reverse prompting and a bunch of other
techniques as well. And finally, we'll
chat about context management and
improving the agent output quality
before closing out by discussing how to
optimize um AI agent and then token
pricing. So far, I haven't seen anybody
on YouTube discuss most of what I cover
in this course. So, for all intents and
purposes, you guys consider this the
sauce. Please bookmark this video,
subscribe to the channel, and let's get
into it. First, I want to show you how
powerful these agents can be when you
learn how to distribute work across
multiple Chrome instances and give each
sub agent their own workspace. What I
have here is a simple list of leads
from, let's just say, a conference. Now,
we have fields like their websites,
their LinkedIn description, their first
name, their last name, but one thing is
missing, their email address. Now, just
a year ago or so, that would have
invalidated my ability to reach out to
these leads. But now, because I possess
their websites, I can actually spawn a
bunch of Cloud Code agents, have them go
to the websites, and then have them
interactively and dynamically fill out
their contact forms. So, what just
happened as I was talking was Claude
went ahead and then opened up a bunch of
different Chrome browsers for me. I'm
going to rearrange these to make it
really easy to see. And so, this might
be a little bit tough to see, but what
these agents are all doing is they're
independently navigating over to the
contact fields of each of these
websites. They're then dynamically
filling out fields like the first name,
the last name, the email address, and so
on and so forth. And then they're
putting in a little bit of outreach
that's templated, but then changes
depending on who they're reaching out
to. These agents, through a combination
of both research and then communication
between each other in a shared chat
room, are capable of doing things that
any one agent might have taken many,
many hours to do before. This is what
I'm going to work up to with you guys
over the course of the rest of the next
couple of hours. The main strength of AI
agents is really their ability to
parallelize, which is to run multiple
instances of each of them simultaneously
while they accomplish a task. Now, right
now, I would say most AI agents aren't
as intelligent or as capable as a human
being for any given need. But what they
are much better at us then is being
fast. And so despite the fact that their
accuracy might be a little bit lower
than a human, their ability to oneshot
stuff is worse than ours at the moment,
they can run multiple instances of
themselves simultaneously and try
multiple approaches over and over and
over and over again in order to
ultimately achieve much better results
than we can. The key is you need to know
a little bit about how they work under
the hood. Then you need to be able to
combine them using elaborate prompt
architecture like I'm going to show you
in this course. So, why don't we start
with one of the simplest, most
foundational concepts before I actually
guide you guys through signing up and
setting up these different agents. And I
call this the core agent loop. To make a
long story short, I think most of you
probably have intuition about how agents
do things. But really, what they're
doing at the end of the day is they're
going through a loop over and over and
over again. And this loop is composed of
three major functions. The first is the
observation step. And so here the agent
is basically reading through all of its
context. We're going to chat a little
bit more about how to optimize and
manage that later. That includes things
like its files, its previous tool calls.
It includes all of the system prompts,
the clawed Gemini, and agents.mmds that
you provide. If it does research in a
previous step, it'll include the
research from the internet. uh if you're
feeding in multimodal data like vision
data, camera data, uh you know, audio
files and so on and so forth, it'll
include all of that. And so this agent,
okay, is just in an environment and it's
just always observing what's going
around it at least to start in the
observation step. From there, it'll
reason. And so this is the think step
here. It'll consider based off of all of
this context and based off of, you know,
the user's highle goal, what do I do
next? How should I plan my approach? And
nowadays, most agent coding platforms
make use of like a dedicated reasoning
step that you can actually click into
and see, which I'll show you guys a
little bit more of. And this provides a
tremendous amount of interpretability,
accountability, and then steerability,
which is really important that I think
most people sleep on. After it's thought
about things and basically wrote its own
mini plan, it's time to actually act,
right? And so, here's where it'll call
tools. It'll edit the files that it
decided to uh do so earlier in the plan.
or maybe it'll run a command using
command line interfaces, CLIs. After the
action step is done, what it does is it
gets the result of the tool call and
then it feeds all of that stuff back
into the observe step. So now we're
basically running through that loop
again, just with a little bit more
context. And so what occurs essentially
is we just tend to grow bigger and
bigger and bigger and bigger. If our
initial context was a certain size, our
you know second loop it's a little bit
bigger, our third loop it's a little bit
bigger and fourth loop and so on and so
forth. And what this is doing is this is
basically stacking more and more tokens
into the context that the model can then
use to plan its next step. What occurs
after you go through this loop you know
usually three or four times is
eventually the model reaches a point
called the definition of done.
And what the definition of done is,
which I think a lot of people leave out
of their agent prompts, which is
probably why they're always underwhelmed
by what happens, is it's the series of
constraints and technical specifications
required for the model to conclude that
it no longer needs to do this loop. Once
it reaches this definition of done,
okay, over and over and over and over
again, it notices and then it changes
routes. So, now it goes to the task
complete route where it generates a
quick little final response for the
user. Usually involves a nicely
formatted answer, as I'm sure you guys
know. Hey, Nick just finished your new
thumbnail app build. And before
outputting it in a window either in
anti-gravity or codeex or maybe cloud
code in a packaged way that you guys are
familiar with. And so obviously if you
have any intuition about how AI works at
this point, if you've ever communicated
with chat GPT or you know Claude or some
other sort of desktop AI that's nestled
into another application that you guys
use, you'll probably know some of this
stuff um just as like the foundation.
But I wanted to make it really explicit
at the beginning of this course because
we're going to return to each of these
steps over and over and over again. And
it turns out that you can heavily
optimize all three of these. You can
optimize the hell out of the observe
step. You can optimize the hell out of
the think step. And understandably, you
can optimize the hell out of the act
step as well. That's what we're going to
learn. Another point I'm going to make
in this course is that AI agents aren't
just the large language models
themselves. You know, I think neural
networks and transformers are obviously
super inherently interesting because
they're these massive statistical things
and these beings that can that can do
things. They can reason. They're very
far removed from traditional computer
programs. just 5 or 10 years ago. So, a
lot of interest goes to the LLM, but I
want you guys to know that the LLM
really is just a very small part of what
most people consider AI agents these
days. The LLM is of course your
reasoning engine, right? Of course, it
understands language and of course it
makes decisions, but it's kind of like a
human being from like 20,000 years ago
with like a spear in its hand, right?
without all of the infrastructure around
human beings, without like your your
house and your fireplace and your hearth
and a place to sleep at the end of the
night and a a society where people farm
and produce resources and you have cars
that you can get and you traverse a lot
of distance without all the tools and
the architecture around the
intelligence. The intelligence is
actually quite limited in what it can do
and that's where the rest of these
sections come into play. So tools much
like human beings have the ability to
read files, run code, search the web,
call APIs and edit files. Okay, so too
does this AI agent. Much like human
beings have the ability to set a highle
goal and keep going until that task or
goal is reached, you know, so too can
agents. And much like human beings have
some sort of persistent memory where we
can keep track of things that we've done
and then realize that some of those
things didn't work. So we got to take a
slightly different tack the next time.
So too, agents have things like
agents.mmd, claw.md, gemini.mmd, access
to their conversation history, access to
automemory files and skills. And so it's
not actually just the LLM, for instance,
that makes an agent work. It's really
all of these things multiplied by the
fact that, you know, the LLM provides us
like the ability to be a little bit
flexible. And that's a really big
different from just, you know, a chatbot
and then an AI agent. A chatbot might
just be the LLM, okay? But an agent
takes that that LLM and then it adds on
tools, a reasoning loop, memory, and so
on and so on and so forth. So, as a
brief example, I'll use an agentic
coding platform called Codeex. And down
here, I have a simple prompt where
basically I just want this to do a bunch
of research for me on creatine
supplementation in men. And what I'm
doing is I'm giving it a brief
definition of done where I'm saying once
you've compiled 10 plus empirical
sources, return a structured report. And
I'm doing this because I want to
demonstrate this loop to you. And so
there are a bunch of other things that
are popping up here. We have the actual
chat window up at the top and we have
its response. But you'll notice that in
between we have this sort of like grayed
out section here. Okay. And this grayed
out section is the thinking that the
model is doing before it gets back to
us. And so basically, you know, if this
was chatpt back from 2022 or so, all we
would have gotten is this. But because
I'm telling it to take actions in the
real world, it's capable of one,
observing, and so it observes all of
this text and all of its reply as
context. Two, thinking. So it's capable
of doing a bunch of thinking on what to
do next. And then three, acting. And so
then it's capable of saying, hm, the
user probably wants me to do some
research. I have access to a few tools
available. One of the tools lets me
search the web. Let me pump in a search
term. It then compiled all of this
information and then it just repeated
the same thing. It then with all this
context said, "Okay, I'm observing. Not
only do I have these messages, but I
also now have a bunch of research. Let
me think about what to do next. Have I
achieved the goal of the user compiling
10 plus empirical sources?" And you
know, after it's made its sort of
observation and thought and reasoned
about it, then it's deciding to act. And
what it's ended up doing after 58
seconds is giving me this structured
evidence report. So, this is an example
of something that might have looped two
times, three times, but the more
intelligent and capable these models are
getting um the longer that they're
running autonomously without us.
Hopefully, this isn't rocket science to
anybody here, but in a nutshell, this is
more or less what's always occurring
non-stop every time you talk to a model.
With all that being said, let's really
quickly cover how to set these different
models up. I'm going to be using Codeex,
Claude Code, and Anti-gravity. You don't
need to know anything about any of these
platforms in order to run these
examples. And if you're already very
familiar with, let's say, I don't know,
Claude Code and you've chosen to use
that as your main agentic coding
platform moving forward, you can skip
over to the next section of the video.
But I want to make sure that we all have
an equal playing ground here. We all
understand how each of these platforms
work under the hood. So there are three
major platforms. The first is Codeex,
which is owned, managed, and run by
OpenAI. The second is Claude Code, which
is owned, managed, and run by Anthropic.
And the third is Google's anti-gravity,
which as I'm sure you can imagine is
owned, managed, and run by Google. In
order to start with Codex, what you
first have to do is sign up to an OpenAI
account. The way you do so is just look
up OpenAI on Google, get to a page that
looks anything like this, and then just
go to the top right hand corner where it
says try chat GPT. After that, you'll be
taken to a page that looks something
like this. You can continue with Google,
your phone, or whatever you want. And if
you choose to chat with the model and
then come back at any point in time,
just head to the top right hand corner
for that modal again. So I'm going to
pretend that I haven't made an account
before and I'll continue with Google.
After some brief onboarding
instructions, you'll have access to a
page like this. But this is just chat
GPT, which is more akin to a chatbot
than anything else. We want to take this
to the AI agent world. And so in order
to do that, we need to use their
dedicated AI agentic coding platform,
Codeex. So googling OpenAI's codeex or
something like that will take you to a
page that looks like this. And then you
can just click download for Mac OS. By
the way, I'm on a Mac, so that button is
automatically going to pop up for me.
But the Codeex app is now also available
on Windows starting March 2024 and
beyond. The way you install things on a
Mac is you just take this window, drag
Codex over to applications, and then
you're done. Once you're inside, if you
wanted to build a website or something,
just head over to this middle, create a
new folder, call it whatever you want.
So I'll just go to downloads and then go
new folder example.
Open it within it. And now you're inside
of this folder here. You can ask the
model to do whatever you want. And so
what I'm going to say is make a brief
portfolio site about Nick Sariah. Keep
it super simple and minimal. It'll now
do some thinking. In our case, I
actually have a design taste front-end
skill which improves its ability to
create like sleek, highquality looking
designs. And now it's looking through my
own workspace to put together this cool,
sexy site for me. I'm also going to ask
it to open it. Uh, and the way that all
AI agent platforms work now is you have
the ability to put a cued message in,
which you can also choose to send
immediately via steer. In my case, I'll
just wait until it's done. It'll consume
this open it message and then it'll just
open it for me in a new tab. Once it's
done, the open it message will be fed in
and it's just going to open this for me
in a new tab. Now, I'm kind of zoomed in
here. So, if I zoom in a little bit
more, you'll see that this is just a a
simple one-page site that says Nyx Drive
builds clear modern digital work. Here's
some information about me. And here's a
contact page. Not rocket science, but
this is how easy it is to like build web
stuff. Claude is pretty similar. Just
Google Claude signup or something like
that. And you'll be taken to a page that
looks like this. Here you just enter
your email address or in my case,
continue with Google. In Claude's case,
in order to use Claude code, you do have
to pay for it. And so there's a pro plan
here that's $17 per month with an annual
subscription or 20 bucks if build
monthly. I'm not working for Claude or
anything like that. I don't have any
sort of affiliation with Anthropic in
that way. But I will say that I receive
probably a 100 to 200x return on my
investment with an Aentic coding
platform, whether it's Claw or whether
it's Gemini or whether it's Codeex. So,
my recommendation for you, if this seems
a little bit steep, is bite the bullet,
pay it, and learn whatever you can to
make a return on investment with that
money in the first month because this
stuff is really quite powerful. Assuming
you're done, just type cloud code
desktop download or something like that.
And you'll be taken to a page that looks
like this, which allow you to download
it for Mac OS, Windows, or even Windows
ARM 64. So, I'm going to give my Mac OS
thing a quick click. Then, I'll go to
the top right hand corner. I'll just
open Cloud up just like I did with
Codeex. That'll take me to a page like
this. And then I just drag this over to
the right. And then once you're done,
you'll be taken to a chat page that
looks something like this. What we
really want is we want this code button.
So I'm going to give that a click. Then
here, all we need to do is just choose a
folder to work in. And then we can put
in a quick request. So I'm just going to
choose a general folder next. Then I'm
going to say bypass permissions, which
might seem a little bit scary to you,
but it just makes the model act
independently. Then finally, I'm going
to say, hey, make a brief portfolio site
about Nyx Drive. super simple and
minimal. And so, just like Codeex
designed it a moment ago with its
various UX uh features, we have the same
thing here with Claude Code. It's going
to ask to access some files in my
folder. And in addition to having the
message box, we also have this sort of
grayed out shining decal here, which is
sort of its like thinking if you think
about it, as well as its tool calls. And
what it's going to do now is actually
build me a brief little site. And then,
just like I did before, I'll just say
open it.
That's going to ceue it and now I can
have a conversation with Claude and now
we have the actual portfolio which as
you guys could see here is done in
significantly more minimal fashion.
Okay, so this is Nick builder automation
expert software engineer. Now unlike
with chat GPT and then claude for
anti-gravity odds are you probably
already have like a Google or a Gmail
account set up. So all you have to do is
just look up Google anti-gravity
download then click download for Mac OS.
In my case I have Apple Silicon on Mac.
If you guys don't know what you have,
just type about this Mac and then if it
says Intel up here in chip, you're in
Intel. If it's a M something, then
you're Apple Silicon. And you can do
something similar for Windows and Linux
as well. And once I give that a click,
we'll be taken to a very similar looking
page here. And then I can just drag
anti-gravity over to applications. The
very first time you open up
anti-gravity, it'll look something like
this. In your case, maybe it'll be dark
mode or maybe it'll be entirely light. I
just have some styling settings, which
is why mine might look a little
different from yours. You may also have
to log in unless Google logged you in
automatically. In my case, it logged me
in automatically because I've used it
before. Assuming that you've done that
though, on the right hand side, you'll
see an agent modal. And this agent modal
is very similar to what we saw with
codeex and then claude code. All we have
to do is just ask it to make a brief
portfolio site about Nixive. And you'll
see here that the UX is just a little
bit different, right? We have a little
generating tab down here. Obviously, we
have uh multiple settings with fast and
Gemini 3.1 Pro. We have this little
thinking tab. Uh, it tells you how long
it's been doing it. If it has to do any
web searches, it does so over here.
Hopefully, you guys are seeing these are
all just flavors that are slightly
different, but ultimately are the same
thing. I'm just going to write open it.
That'll be added as a pending message,
and then it'll open this up in a browser
tab. As you see here, Gemini produced
what I would probably consider to be the
sexiest of all websites, which makes
sense. Uh, one thing I'll talk about in
a moment is how much better it is at
front-end design and so on and so forth.
And yeah, we have a very simple and and
straightforward site here. So, um, this
links to all of my resources, leftclick,
YouTube, and so on and so forth. I
probably like this one the best. From
here on out, most of the conversations
and the user experiences are going to be
really similar between Aenta coding
platforms. So, while I am going to use
multiple just to show you guys how some
of their quirks interact, uh, for the
most part, I want you guys to know that
the UX's are very very similar these
days. Like the thinking tabs are going
to be the same. Some people will
probably say that there are slight
differences between them and so on and
so forth. For instance, I'm a big fan of
the little Space Invader icon that Cloud
Code has. But for all intents and
purposes, I'm just going to assume that
you're picking up the UX here as you use
these models and focus less on like the
tiny little stuff and more on how to
orchestrate and then prompt these for
higher quality responses. If you guys
want to see like step-by-step
walkthroughs of these platforms, I'm
going to put some little links up above
my left shoulder here, and you can click
on them anytime to go learn that sort of
stuff. Next up, I want to talk about
what makes these AI coding platforms
different from one another. Not on a
user experience um angle, but from an
intelligence angle, from a what they
could do angle as well. So, as you saw
there, there were three different
models. There was Claude, which was
wrapped around Claude code, Gemini,
which was wrapped around anti-gravity,
and then GPT, in my case, 5.4, which is
wrapped around codeex. And I think that
each of these models are really similar
at this point in intelligence- wise, but
there are some pros and cons to each.
They basically like improve how they
perform by a few percentage points. So
Claude might be, you know, 2% better at
these. You know, Gemini might be 5%
better at these. GPT might be 1% better
than these. I'm just pulling on numbers
out of my butt, but I'm making them
really small because I do want to really
drive home the point that these models
are so gosh darn intelligent these days
that these minor differences only make
sense at the bleeding edge and at the
frontier. For most purposes, either of
these are going to be sufficient. So,
Claude has the most interpretable
reasoning. You remember how I could
click open that little reasoning tab a
moment ago? Well, at least as of the
time of this recording, Claude is
incredible at making that reasoning tab
really, really interpretable. you know
exactly what cloud is doing at basically
every step of the process when you um
use cloud code to visualize that
reasoning and that makes it really good
for orchestration and then agentic
workflows because you can see the
decisions that the model is making in
real time and in doing so you can also
steer the model stop the model pause it
or give it new resources halfway through
I can't say the same about both Gemini
and GPT I think they're a lot less
interpretable and it's a lot less
accountable you know Claude is sort of a
partner that you build things with along
the Whereas Gemini and GBT are almost
just like I don't know, they're
missiles. You set your target, you click
the button, and then they go. Now, there
are some cons. Claude is a little bit
slower unless you use fast mode, which
is what I tend to use, although keep in
mind that'll burn a ton of credits. And
then I find that it's weaker at frontend
or design than a model like Gemini.
Gemini is really good at design and
frontends. As you guys just saw a moment
ago, Claude picked a really
minimalistic, sleek theme. Gemini did
some upscale stuff that still looked
sleek, clean, but had like that
isomorphic glass. And then GBT, maybe
because of my design taste scale or
something else, was kind of like more
complex and had uh a little bit clunkier
of a design. Well, in general, I find
that this pattern remains the same.
Anytime I want to design a really clean
front end, I'm going to use Gemini for
that. It's also got superior multimodal
abilities. That just means there's
actual like endpoints using the Gemini
API um where it can understand video.
Right now, Claude and GPT both really
struggle with this. Although you can
build custom pipelines to do that, which
I'll show you guys about. It also has
the ability to use a fast output, which
means it writes really, really quickly
if need be. Um, but they don't have
access to a dedicated fast mode where
you could pay more money to use them
really quick. I think it's the least
interpretable of the models. And
personally, I find the quality is quite
inconsistent. There's some days when
I'll prompt it and it'll do quite
incredible, then other days where I will
prompt it and it will just absolutely
crap the bed. you know, at least
Claude's quite consistent in that way,
despite the fact that maybe it's a
little bit worse at a few things.
Finally, there's GPT. There's the codec
series of models, the 5.4 series of
models. Now, these are the best at
back-end programming. I think they're
also the best at like um absolute
mathematics, which probably feeds into
that. They're really great at
test-driven development. And you know
how I mentioned earlier Gemini and GBT
are more like rockets that you point at
a at a at a place and then they go. Um
well these testdriven development
approaches essentially mean you just
outline that definition of done and then
it fires and just goes autonomously
until it reaches that. There's also
quite a big ecosystem of different apps
and you know there's a lot of um
documentation online about how to use
various GPT workflows and stuff like
that because this was the first major
player to the AI agent market. I'd give
it sort of like a uh you know two out of
three on the rest of these. I think
Claude is much better at its
interpretability. It's much better at
orchestration and stuff like that, but
GPT being a model that just came out
quite recently, a 5.4 anyway, is
obviously sort of like topping the
charts right now on a lot of stuff. Just
some caveats there. A lot of people
treat this as like anathema for you to
claim that, you know, Claude is better
than GPT at this thing and Gemini is
better than than Claude at that thing.
The reality is, as I mentioned and
alluded to at the beginning, there are
very minor differences between these
models at this point. All of them are
basically trained on the entirety of the
internet as is. And so because of this,
um, the slight differences in
capabilities in the model tend to have
more to do with like when they were
trained and how recent it is versus, you
know, some inherent like cool new design
technique. Really, they're just training
these galaxys sized brains on the entire
internet at this point. So because we're
talking about the LLM intelligences, you
know, if like GPT was trained after
Claude, GPT is probably going to be a
little bit better in certain
circumstances. If Gemini is trained
after GPT, it'll be better. But all that
stuff resets with the next generation.
So though I am going to be showing you
guys some cool multimmcp orchestration
uh techniques later on, I want you to
know that you don't have to treat all
this super seriously. You can also just
pick one model and then use that. Okay,
next up I want to chat agents.mmd and
then how to build a selfmodifying and
self-correcting system prompt that
significantly minimizes the number of
errors that you get as you build things
with these AI agents. So for the
purposes of this demonstration, I'm
going to be using anti-gravity and
through it the Gemini series of models.
When you open up anti-gravity, you have
a little window that looks like this.
Generally, I divide this into three
panes. You have your explorer on the
lefth hand side, your file editor in the
middle, and then you have your agent on
the right. And what I'm going to do for
the purpose of this demo is I'll just
click open folder. And then I'm going to
go to anti-gravity example and just open
this up. Okay. And what I want to do
here is I just want to show you how all
of this stuff works to start. As you
guys can see on the lefth hand side, we
have a file called gemini.md. Now, what
occurs is when you talk to this model
over here. Hey, what's up? Basically,
what's occurring is this file is being
prepended to the very top of a
conversation chain. And so, if I open up
this file right now, you see how it's
empty. There's nothing in it. Well, when
I started this conversation and said,
"Hey, what's up?" Okay, it knows that my
name is Nick, but it does it knows this
because of uh the fact that I'm signed
in as Nick. Now, I want you to see what
happens if I paste in my name is Antonio
Banderas. Refer to me as such. always
always also always sign off super kawaii
desu. So I'm going to go here to the top
right hand corner and I'll say hey
what's up and after initializing a new
model
notice how it's now going to return
something quite different to what we had
a moment ago. The reason why is of
course this gemini.md is just a
templated structured prompt that is
basically always inserted into the
beginning. Okay, the same thing applies
with codecs. The same thing applies with
claw code, but the names of the files
are a little bit different. So if I was
in, let's say, codeex for instance, I
wouldn't call this a gemini.md. I'd call
this an agents.mmd. If I was in claude
code, I wouldn't call this an
agents.mmd. I'd call this a claude.mmd.
Whatever file you use here doesn't
really change the idea. The idea is that
at the very top of any prompt, you just
have this file prepended to it. The
reason why this is so powerful is
because you now have the ability to
statically template out the same prompt
over and over and over again on every
independent session. This may seem like,
well, why don't you just copy and paste
the same thing in instead of having to
use this elaborate file system
structure. And the reason why is because
what you can do is at the very beginning
of this file, you can actually contain
within it like a list of lessons or
learnings from previous instances. Then
you can build in like a meta prompt
structure where before a model signs
off, before it finishes whatever it's
doing, it always updates that file with
more and more and more knowledge. In
that way, okay, you can build a
highquality list of like memories,
preferences, and rules, not to mention
things to avoid that significantly
improves your agent's ability to operate
over a long time scale. And just to show
you guys what I mean, let me show you a
diagram. In this hypothetical instance,
we're going to be using Gemini.m MD. And
basically what'll occur every time is a
new session is going to start over here.
The agent will first read gemini.md.
You'll then give it a task like hey
build me a website that does whatever.
Now it'll return the website for me and
then I'll say I don't like this no dark
mode. After I give it its feedback of no
dark mode rather than just correcting
the build, it'll actually write that to
my Gemini.m MD for next time, which
allow the agent to continue working with
the rule applied. When the session ends
and a new session starts, now the agent
will read the Gemini MD, but the
gemini.md will have an additional rule
placed. Okay, if this is my file over
here, it'll say no dark mode. And that
means the next time I ask it to build me
a website or any sort of web property,
it'll see no dark mode and then it won't
make that mistake again. This lets your
knowledge accumulate over sessions. The
first time that you use, you know,
Gemini or Claude Code or or Codeex or
whatever, you know, you're only going to
have, let's say, one rule or one
preference stored. And so the number of
errors that the model makes, errors
relative to like your preferences will
be pretty high. The second time that you
use it, though, the number of errors or
issues that it makes that don't line up
with your preferences will go down. The
third time, they'll go down further. The
fourth time, it'll go down further. Then
the fifth time it'll go really really
low to the point where maybe it makes
zero errors at all. You can see that um
sort of diagrammatically over here with
when you start your thing has zero
rules. Okay. As it grows longer and
longer and longer, you're writing more
and more and more and more rules. Um the
agents get better and better and better
at uh understanding and then um
anticipating as well your preferences.
So what does this actually look like in
practice? Well, it's not all that
difficult and you can just append or
prepen this to any Gemini Claude or
agents MD however you like. It also
doesn't need to be this long. Although I
did want to go into a fair amount of
detail here with you. So you can
absolutely just turn this into like a I
don't know a three or fourline snippet.
Essentially before we start any task
read this entire file. This file
contains a growing rule set that
improves over time. At session start I
want you to read the entire learned rule
section before doing anything. How it
works. When the user corrects you or you
make a mistake, immediately append a new
rule to the learned rules section at the
bottom of this file. Rules are numbered
sequentially and written as clear
imperative instructions. The format is
category never or always do X because Y.
And then here's some more formatting
instructions. When do you add a rule?
Add a rule when the user explicitly
corrects your output. When the user
rejects a file approach or pattern, when
you hit a bug caused by wrong
assumption, or when the user states a
preference. Okay? Okay. And then it'll
give some examples here of different
rules in code. Then we have the learned
rules down here. So what I'll do just to
show you guys what this looks like is
I'll say build me a simple portfolio
site for Nick Sarif. And I'm going to
have it go accomplish a task for me. And
then I'm inherently and intentionally
going to give it some instructions. You
see the very first thing it did was
analyze the gemini.md. And so now it
actually has this entire file as context
inside of its thread. You can't see that
context here because obviously they
don't want to just muck up your your
conversation thread, but it is literally
like if you just pasted this entire
thing directly in. Okay, so it's going
to be reading that constantly as it's
building out the rest of our website.
And you can see that it's like it's
built some cool terminal display here.
It's using a library called Vit, which
is probably like the best front-end
library. Let's see what it does. Okay,
this website is looking really really
sexy, super clean, and it clearly went
above and beyond uh with my spec.
However, I don't like how it's dark
mode. So, what I'm going to do is go
back here and then give it some
instructions. Quit doing things in dark
mode. And the idea here is when I give
it an instruction like quit doing things
in dark mode, what it's going to do is
it's going to take my message and then
say, hey, let's update our gemini.md to
never create applications in dark mode.
It's a user preference. If I scroll down
here now, you can actually see that this
style has been added. And so if the next
time I run a model and instantiate
anti-gravity, I say, "Hey, I'd like you
to build me a website," it'll actually
have this up at the very very top of its
prompt, meaning that I'm never ever
going to have a dark mode website again.
In this way, this will continuously get
closer and closer to my preferences
until the number of rules become so
exhaustive that, you know, it actually
bes counterproductive. In practice, I
haven't actually hit this limit yet. I
think this just gets better and better
and better over time. But I could
hypothetically see if you were to get to
a point where there's a thousand
independent rules, some of them would
probably start stepping on its its toes.
Um, this sort of self-modifying claude
agents or Gemini.mmd is a very very high
ROI design pattern. So whatever you're
building with an AI agent, whether
you're using them for business, personal
or programming tasks, I would always
recommend to have something like this in
your directory. And as you can see, it's
now modified the site. We don't actually
have that anymore. A lot cleaner. And it
also fixed up the images and made it
look really sexy. The way this works is
at the very top level we have a global
claude agents or gemini.md. And these
are userwide rules that apply to all of
the projects that you start. And so the
very top you'll have this sort of
injected and you can set this using a
variety of different formatting
conventions and stuff. You could look it
up for the specific uh agent platform
that you're using. you know, if you're
doing claude or something like that,
it's going to be stored in a a
tilda.claude
slash and then there are variety of
other conventions regardless of whatever
platform you're using that you guys
could also after it's injected the
global agents.mmd, it'll then inject the
local cloudmd. And so what you could do
is you could have a global cloudmd,
okay, that has wide ranging user
preferences updated and then a local
project.mmd that has specific project
preferences updated. And then underneath
you also have uh skills and then your
finally inline prompt and I'll touch on
the skill section in a moment. But in
that way, you can collapse a ton of
context and a ton of sort of
functionality into very few tokens,
which is important because your build
both per token and then the quality of
the models tend to degrade the longer
the token and context windows get. Next
up, I want to talk a little bit about
agent skills. And this isn't going to be
an exhaustive resource. If you guys want
a super in-depth way to look at skills,
definitely just check out my full end
toend Claude Code skills course. But
agent skills, for those of you guys that
don't know, is just a simple repeatable
way that you can standardize workflows.
Now, this is important because large
language models are very flexible. So,
if you give them a non super tightly
scoped task, they'll tend to produce a
variety of different results for you.
Well, skills are just a way of basically
turning that whole, you know, vagueness,
that whole statistical variance into
like a really straight line
deterministic path where it just does
the same thing over and over and over
and over and over again. And so skills
are offered now on all major platforms.
We've all adopted them. So you have
codec skills, you have Gemini skills,
uh, and then you also have Claude code
skills and they have very particular
specs and they look really, really
similar to one another. So, it's worth
me at least going over to high level
what they look like. To make a long
story short, these are just files
that'll exist somewhere within our
workspace. These files will have sort of
this little title section up here, which
you know is a title because there'll be
three hyphens at the top and three
hyphens at the bottom. Inside of the
file, you can give it a name like PDF
processing, a description like extract
text and tables from PDFs. Uh, and then
you can even do licenses and metadata
and so on and so forth. I don't actually
do any of this stuff. my skills are
almost always just name, description,
and then maybe some optional uh uh tools
that I could use as well. Okay, so I
just want to give you guys a couple of
brief examples. I'm just going to go
over to anthropic um skills because they
have a bunch of simple ones here that we
can use just to gain some context. I'm
going to go over to the skills folder
here and then click on I don't know,
let's do algorithmic art. We'll go
skill.md because that's the file. And as
you guys could see here, um, we have, if
I click on the raw, you guys will see we
have the exact same format that I showed
you guys earlier. So this is a skill
that creates algorithmic art using a
particular library. And what's cool is
it basically guides the model through
the same thing every time to get very,
very similar algorithmic art generated.
And you can see this is a pretty long
skill. There's a lot going on, right? So
what I'm going to do is I'm just going
to copy this whole thing and show you
guys how this works. In this way, we can
copy and paste different um standard
operating procedures to different models
and then get highquality results. So,
I'm going to go over here and then, you
know, just because this is a oneshot
prompt, I'm just going to feed all this
in. And I'm going to have this model
actually create things according to the
skill spec. So, it's doing some
thinking. And now it's asking me what do
we want to do with it? And I'm going to
say yes, save as skill, then run. And
then I'm going to actually have this
like produce some sort of cool
algorithmic art. Now there's no template
file or anything like that. So it's
actually going to go through the whole
process. It's going to create both the
skill directory which we can find right
over here now called algorithmic art.
And then it's also going to create like
templates and a bunch of other stuff as
well. Okay. And our algorithmic art flow
is just finished up. So I'm actually
just going to open this so I can take a
look at it myself. And we have it. There
it is. This is now creating algorithmic
art. As you guys could see, we have
particles and so on and so forth. I'm
just going to significantly decrease the
number of particles. Maybe change the
noise scale and the turbulence. Actually
move this around. And as you guys can
see, we we we are actually producing a
tremendous number of particles here.
This is this is actually like rendering
them directly in my browser, which is
nuts. Um, so this is indeed algorithmic
art. It's it's really cool. Super sexy.
I'm a big fan. I don't know. I mean, it
looks kind of like hair, but what are
you going to do? I'm just going to
regenerate a bunch. Maybe change the
accent colors. Okay. Maybe we'll have
this as my accent now. Blue. And then
the background will be kind of this. And
I don't know, my cool accent will be
kind of like this. There you go. That
looks pretty nice. We can now kind of
just create new ones as we want. And
then we can also just completely
randomize them over and over and over
and over and over again. And you can see
it's actually still doing some design in
the background as we go. So I'm just
going to change the number of particles
to really low. And then I'll just
redesign this over and over and over and
over again.
And I should note that like this is not
like a, you know, it's not a piece of
software I downloaded. We actually just
built this. It's just we built this in a
much more standardized and you know
consistent way which is really cool. So
obviously that's that's what I want. I
want the ability to share like
repeatable workflows where my agent can
build things that other people have
validated without me necessarily having
just to like copy and paste a piece of
software into my computer. Now remember
earlier how I said some models are
better at things than others and these
few percentage point differences can
make a lot of impact at the bleeding
edge or the frontier. Assuming you guys
are at the bleeding edge and the
frontier and those percentage point
differences stack up, then multi- aent
MCP orchestration is the pattern for
you. Basically here what happens is you
let one model type be the manager or the
orchestrator and that orchestrator will
take a task and then dole it out, okay,
and delegate subchunks of that task to
different models. And so what's
occurring here is in this hypothetical
example, we're using claude code to be
our manager. We then give it some task
like hey make me a SAS app that does X Y
and Z. And then what it's doing is it's
taking my command and then splitting it
into a variety of different functions.
There's a front-end task which is
delegating to Gemini to build the UI.
There's a backend task which is
delegating to codeex to build the API.
There'll be some testing that we need to
occur that we need to do which it'll
delegate to codeex to do the testing.
Then finally at the end we have claude
which we'll collect and then validate
the results and then if there are any
discrepancies or issues there you know
we can loop that back around
hypothetically to different models as we
will. And so this is a little bit more
of an advanced design pattern and I
don't necessarily recommend you guys
sign up to a bajillion patterns and
waste your tokens that way unless you
have to. But I wanted to cover it
because this is sort of like the next
generation of model intelligence. It's
where instead of just sticking with one,
you're constantly querying different
models for things that they're a little
bit better at. All of this depends on
this idea of a router. And so this
router is more or less like a decision
hub or like a nexus. When you give it a
task where you give it some sort of
input, what it'll do is it'll just
divide it into different subtasks that
different models are better than other
models at. So for instance, if we have
like a highle task that has to do with
replicating a specific SAS app, you
know, and the the model has decided that
there's some footage on the internet out
there that talks about how to build it,
it'll actually go delegate the video
watching step over to Gemini because
Gemini is better at multimodality and
their endpoints have built-in video
understanding. You know, if it
identifies that we need something with a
lot of complex reasoning, it'll route
that over to Claude. you know, if it
identifies that we need some form of
sandboxed cloud code execution, it'll do
that in codeex because they include that
built in. And maybe, you know, I just
wanted to show you guys what an example
would look like if you had something
that was outside of the three. If you
need real-time web data, it might do
that with Perplexity or or Perplexity's
computer or something. And what happens
is, you know, we build it all by
parallelizing this big sweep and then at
the very end, we combine it again with
this router, which is probably, you
know, at least in my case, almost always
going to be Claude Opus 4.6 6 4.7 by the
time you guys are reading it. And then
that's what ultimately unifies it before
maybe doing some additional Q&A bug
fixes and agent review which I'll talk
about later. Now, all of this sounds
pretty abstract and you're like, "Okay,
why don't I just have all of this done
in one thread?" So, let me show you a
practical way to actually do it. By the
way, all the files for this course you
can find in the top link in the
description below. What I'm going to do
is go back to Claude Code and open up a
new session. And then I'm going to
select this folder that I've actually
already created for this purpose called
multiplatform orchestration. Now, as
mentioned, you guys will get everything
in the description if you want it. And
I'll also run you through how to create
it. But for now, what I want to do, I
just hide this, is say something along
the lines of, "Hey, build me a full
stack app that lets users enter
a desired image to generate and then it
generates said image." We'll make this
really simple because I don't actually
want this to take forever. I'm on kind
of a time crunch today and I just want
you guys to see how this deals with that
problem. Keep in mind in this case
Claude which is the model that we're
currently talking to cuz it's Claude
code is going to be our top level
orchestrator. Okay. Now this is going to
plan things out for us which is why it's
entering this plan mode. Next what we're
going to do is we're going to delegate
all difficult tasks um like backend
tasks to codecs as well as testing
tasks. Then down at the very bottom
here, you know, uh, for anything related
to front end, we're going to delegate
that to Gemini. And so we're going to
build basically an ecosystem here where
Claude is shuttling information back and
forth between uh, you know, codecs and
Gemini for various things. And as you
can see here, it's already starting to
ask me, hey, which image generation API
would you like to use? I'm actually just
going to say um, Nano Banana Pro 2. It's
a Google product. Okay, I'm going to
submit that. And now what it's going to
do is it's going to decide, hey, how am
I going to delegate this work? At the
end of it, Claude will give me a plan.
And you can see here that it's decided
on backend, front end, and so on and so
forth. And what it'll do now is it'll
actually dispatch work to Gemini codeex
and then itself to fix various
integration issues. So I'm just going to
say plan approved. And now it's going to
start doing the coding. The way that
Claude Code does this is it uses the
execute task path for Codeex. And so
what's occurring right now is it's just
sent this big request into Codex's best
model. Okay. And now just clicking the
button in the top right hand corner, we
now have a preview. And um in this case,
Claude is now reviewing the generated
application and doing some self-
testing. And so we've built this image
generator app. We've uh asked for a cute
cat wearing sunglasses on a beach. This
is now passing through to an API that uh
Claude Code set up with Gemini for the
front end and then Codeex for the back
end's help. It's actually doing the the
generation right now and we've generated
the cute picture of the cat on the beach
looks great to me. The reason why you
might want to do this is because well
it's kind of twofold. One, you get to
parallelize your work as mentioned and
so you get to build the front end u
using a model for which the front-end
builder is the best. You get to build
the back end simultaneously using model
by which the backend builder is the
best. And then you get to use an
orchestrator which basically ees out a
few percentage points increased like
reasoning and decision-m and stuff like
that because it's able to evaluate the
code from both of these things
independently without being polluted by
the context window. And we're going to
talk more about that specific review
pattern later. But um this allows you to
e-code, you know, more quality. The
downside of this um prompt approach is
it usually costs more because now you're
splitting your tokens across multiple
models instead of just one provider. And
usually providers will subsidize your
token usage. Like Claude will subsidize
most of its usage on the max plan for
instance. Um the $200 a month that you
spend on it is actually equivalent to
like $5,000 a month in usage. Whereas
when you build via API, it's usually a
little bit more standardized and then as
a result of that you end up building way
more. You don't you don't get that cool
subsidization. However, this is
something that people are increasingly
using for more complicated
infrastructural projects, especially
when, as mentioned, a minor percentage
point or two difference in terms of
quality is very important to you. And so
this is me just doing this in Cloud, but
you can obviously use, I don't know,
Codeex as the orchestrator if you wanted
to build this in Codeex. You could use
Gemini as the orchestrator if you wanted
to do this in uh, you know, entirely
Gemini. Right now, this is the stack
that seems to make the most sense, what
people are talking about the most. If
you guys are interested, the way that
all of this stuff works under the hood
is we basically set up a bunch of
different servers that calls and Gemini
inside of Claude. And so that's why we
see this using the Claude formatting
above. It's because the claude is the
the orchestrator that's sort of setting
it up initially. And there's also a
claude.mmd which describes how it's the
manager. You know, you plan, reason,
delegate, validate, and fix integration
issues. When you break tasks down, break
them into front end, backend, and test
subtasks and then delegate things as
required. I'm going to include this
prompt as well as everything else you
need in order to do the same thing down
below in the description. But in order
for this to work, you will of course
need API keys for various platforms. And
in order to get those, you do have to
sign up to typically something a little
bit different from what we signed up to
before. And in order to sign up to
those, you do typically need um to go
directly to the platform, create an
account, and then set up an API key. So
you can see over here, that's what I've
done for Claude. And you can also do the
same thing for OpenAI and then Gemini.
Once you have those keys, you would just
give it to whatever model you want to
use to be the orchestrator. And then it
would set this whole thing up for you
and then be able to reason and then
communicate with different models on
your behalf. The next advanced prompting
technique is the video toaction
pipeline. To make a long story short, up
until quite recently, AI agents were
forced to learn entirely through text
descriptions of stuff. And the reason
why is because multimodality like vision
usually uh at least in the context of
video was sort of out of bounds. There
was just no way that we could feasibly
take videos which were millions upon
millions of tokens when stitched
together um you know into some text
format that an agent would understand.
Well, now agents can learn from the same
medium humans learn from. And we do so
by combining a little bit about what I
showed you guys earlier, okay?
Multi-agent MCP orchestration with this
idea of passing requests through the
Gemini API because Gemini has built-in
support for video now. Basically, uh you
know how videos are a certain number of
frames per second. Like this video for
instance is 30 frames a second. You
could tell if you find a way to to slow
it down to like 0.03.
I'll go literally one frame every 003
seconds or something like that. Well,
what this model does is it divides
videos into one frame per second
instead. It then analyzes the images in
succession and then uses a form of
descriptive prompting to break that down
into very very clear steps. So basically
what occurs is you'll feed in something
like a YouTube tutorial URL. Claude will
receive the URL but cannot watch the
video natively. So instead it'll call
the Gemini API. Gemini will watch the
full video. Gemini will then extract the
step-by-step instructions, format it as
like a numbered list that's hyper
precise and hypersp specific. The
structured steps will return to Claude
via very similar flow to what I showed
you guys with the design. And then
Claude will execute each using
hyperspecific tools. Maybe if you're
teaching somebody how to build something
on Blender or Figma or something like
that, you just give it access to the
toolkit and it does it. Then the final
result is the agent will have replicated
the tutorial end to end and in that way
they can learn from the exact same
medium that that we learn. So I'll show
you number one where I got inspiration
from this and then number two how to do
this for an actual task which in my case
is going to be building a simple flow
out in a noode tool called NAN. So first
the inspiration was Spencer Sterling's
post on X. He said he built an agentic
system that taught itself the Blender
donut tutorial by watching it on
YouTube. It watched the tutorials,
extracted the steps, filled in the gaps
in its own tooling and completed the
entire thing autonomously. And it's
quite impressive to be honest. Um,
anybody that's done any sort of 3D
design, myself included, will know that
like the uh way you learn how to build
things in Blender is you watch this one
specific tutorial that shows you how to
build a donut. And through this process
of building the donut, you learn about
like textures. You learn about various
shapes. You learn about how to modify
them and sculpt and paint and do all
this stuff. So, I made my own donut
personally a few years ago. I showed it
to all my friends. Then, I promptly
never touch Blender again. Well, the
issue with knowledge like this is it's
obviously extraordinarily visual, right?
In order to really learn something, you
have to watch a video. You can't really
break all that down into like
hyperspecific text instructions unless,
you know, somebody were to just like
literally go step by step. Step one,
click this button, step two, rotate 283°
to the left, step three, do this. So,
there's a fair amount of nuance and
flexibility there. That's where video
learning comes in handy. Human beings
learn through video, obviously, but
models have a tough time doing it. And
so what we do is we convert all of this
into a sequence of steps. We leave some
steps a little bit more vague, a little
bit more general, let the model have its
own um kind of interpretability, and
then give it some way to like screenshot
its results to match it up to um you
know like the frames in the video. And
so this fell here built this cool like
workflow building studio. It's sort of
like his own main um operating system. I
suppose that's what this is. It's not
like an app that he downloaded. It's
something that he built. And then he fed
in this along with the workflow I'm
about to show you to have it actually
like build the freaking thing. And it's
communicating with this app Blender
using what's called MCP, model context
protocol, which is the same thing that
we used to communicate with um the
various models like Gemini and then
Codex earlier. And you can get all that
stuff in the description down below as
well. So I have this stored as a clawed
skill in video to action um over here.
So, if I open this up and read the
skill, you can see here that it actually
says, "Extract actionable steps from
YouTube videos using Gemini video
understanding. Use when the user
provides a YouTube link it wants to
learn procedures, extract steps,
understand visual tutorials, or turn
video content into executable
instructions." And so, what's occurring
is it'll basically take a video, it'll
download it for me, so then I'll just be
able to feed in a YouTube URL, and then
it'll convert that into like a highly
optimized series of steps that um you
know, you would only really know or be
able to use through uh the context of
like an actual video. And so to
demonstrate what I've done here is
instead of using Gemini within
anti-gravity, which is sort of the usual
design pattern, I thought I'd show you
guys my actual stack like what I
personally use. I think it's much easier
if you just use the models inside of the
tools inside of the companies that made
them. But in my case, I'm a very big fan
of this anti-gravity uh uh kind of
container. Then inside of it, I use
clawed code. And so in that way, I'm
actually using a Google wrapper around a
claude code or anthropic extension
that's communicating with a claude or an
anthropic model. If you guys want to
replicate the setup, it's as simple as
just opening up anti-gravity, heading to
the lefth hand side where it says
extensions, downloading the clawed code
for VS Code plugin. I know it says VS
Code, don't be confused. It's very
similar to anti-gravity. Installing it,
and then uh you also have to log in
here. After you're done, you will have
the exact same functionality that you
have in the claw desktop app that I just
showed you guys earlier when we built
out that little full stack app. It's
just you'll have it within anti-gravity,
which also allows you to do things like,
you know, organize your files and stuff
on the lefth hand side. So, that's my
personal stack. You don't have to use
it. Some people judge me for it.
Whatever. I like it. It works for me.
Okay. So, um what I'm going to do is I'm
going to find a YouTube video that I
like and then I'm just going to feed it
in these instructions. So, I'll say I
want you to use the video to action
pipeline on and then I'm going to go
grab an image. And what I've done is
I've found a flow that I built forever
ago. It's a short video about 21 minutes
that shows you how to scrape leads
without paying for a few APIs. I'm going
to bring that back into my anti-gravity
instance. Then, I'm going to do this.
And what this is going to do is it'll
start by invoking the skill. And this is
the UX for skill uh invocation. I think
that's what it's called in English. Holy
crap, that better be what it's called in
English. And then um it's now going to
send that over to Gemini, then receive
back a list of highly specific
instructions that, you know, understand
UX, uh I don't know, highlight the
colors of buttons and stuff like that
and so on and so forth before actually
running it locally on my computer. At
the end of it, you'll get a super
in-depth analysis that looks like this.
So you can actually see down over here
it says here's the hyperdetailed
breakdown with literally every single
step. I mean like hey navigate over to
this thing at 17 seconds. Here's how to
do this thing on that and and so on and
so on. So like it'll it'll literally go
visually as well and actually tell us
what the end flow is going to look like,
but then we'll also have just a
tremendous amount of context about
everything. Um so what we're going to do
now is we're going to feed that in and
actually have this control my browser.
So I'm going to open up a new cloud code
instance by clicking that little button
above. We'll go bypass permissions. Then
I'll say use Gmaps scraper deep analysis
MD to build out the same N8N flow for
me. It's now going to open up a Chrome
DevTools MCP server. It's then going to
link that up to the N8N account. And now
it's actually thinking through
everything that it's going to do using
this file as a reference. And now it'll
go through and actually control my
browser to do the build. For simplicity,
I'm just going to move this over to the
right. Okay. And as we see, it just laid
out the entire thing from left to right.
So it went through, it then identified
what all of the steps were. It then
created it inside of its own little
conversation thread and then it um
essentially generated what's called
workflow JSON and then pasted it in. Now
this can obviously interact with my my
browser as well. That's what it just
did. So it just went to the top and then
basically imported this. What it's going
to do now is just make some finer final
minor changes. I'm going to configure
the Google Sheets node and then we'll be
on our way. So, what I'll do is I'll
just take a screenshot of this and then
paste it in. Then I'll say you're
connected. Now, it's just going through
and then it's selecting various
elements. So, in this case, it's
selecting that little search button.
It's uh mapping the the fields and stuff
like that. And then it'll just continue
testing this non-stop until I have a
working flow. You can see, you know,
just kind of I mean, I should be moving
this around cuz it's going to get
confused, but you can see that it's um
actually gone through and then pumped in
like a specific search term. It's it's
gone through and basically done
everything for me. Really, the only
thing left is to do some sort of
testing. You can see that uh if we
actually click execute workflow, I'm
just going to stop it here so I don't
consume anything else. It's actually
gone through and literally like scraped
Google Maps for us, which is sweet. Uh
and it's just done so entirely by
watching the video. So it's entirely
like native video understanding and then
it's extraordinarily detailed because
we're we're dumping it all into a file
and then it can just constantly
reference that file. Um it's then doing
kind of a combination of like I don't
know like ASKI or or text based markup
to uh you know understand both the
structure at like a micro level and then
also like a macro level. Next, I want to
chat this idea of stochcastic
multi-agent consensus. In case you guys
didn't know, if you were to take one
model, let's say Gemini 3.1 Pro High,
and if you were to ask it like an idea
question, hey, give me 10 ideas to do X,
Y, and Z. Every time you ask Gemini 3.1
Pro the same thing, it'll return a
slightly different answer. Now this
property some call it randomness but I
think the correct technical term is
stochasticity which is just where due to
minor statistical variations in the
input or in the way that the models work
the output is going to be slightly
different every time. The reason why
this is so valuable is because you can
exploit this tendency to get much much
better answers. For instance, let's say
I run three times 1 2 and three. The
reality is if I run a query that at the
very beginning says give me three ideas
for X. Okay,
on the very first time, okay, we might
get idea A, idea B, and idea C. If we
were to hypothetically run this again,
we'd probably get idea A, idea B. But
just due to statistical variation, there
is a chance that on the second run, it
won't deliver us idea C at all. it'll
actually deliver us idea D. And on the
third run, maybe we do B, maybe we do C,
and then maybe we also do E. What
stochastic multi-agent consensus is, you
basically automate the process of
spawning multiple agents, giving them
slightly varied input prompts to take
advantage of stochasticity, and then
instead of just getting, let's say,
three ideas A, B, and C, you get to
exploit stats to get all of the
possibilities, including ones that might
be a little rarer. the model is less
likely to actually answer with. And so
in this way you get A, you get B, you
can get C, but you can also get D and
then you can get E. And so you know if
you compare it to just one naive search,
what we've done is we basically almost
doubled the scope of the ideation. Now
mathematically this is termed traversing
the search space. I want you to pretend
hypothetically that this like little pie
chart here represents all possible
answers to a question. Maybe the
question is, I don't know, what's the
simplest way to get to 1 million
subscribers? Right? This is something
that I asked uh my my model a little
while ago because I'm interested in
getting to 1 million subscribers. Now,
obviously, I'm not just doing what the
thing tells me, right? A lot of its
ideas are stupid. But if you think about
it, if I can parallelize a thousand
agents all coming up with their own
ideas, even if on net the average reply
or idea is a little bit worse than
something I'd be able to do, I still get
to run it a thousand times, right? It's
like running like uh I don't know like a
90q, you know, it's like it's like
Einstein versus 10,000 95 IQ
researchers. It's like well the 10,95 IQ
researchers despite lacking the
brilliance of Einstein, they'll probably
statistically figure it out eventually,
right? So um if this whole pie chart to
get back to things is all possible
responses, if you just run one search,
basically what you're doing is you're
only actually getting like a small chunk
of all of the possibilities. And so
instead what we're doing is we're
actually running multiple searches. You
know, one search is going to get this,
another search is going to get that,
another search is going to get that. And
and and so on and so forth. And then in
this way, what we do next is we take the
answers and then the replies of the
model. That should be red and this one
should be blue. And then in doing so, we
get to traverse significantly more of
that search space without actually
necessarily consuming any more of our
time. So this can be kind of difficult
to understand. And I think I've run out
of colors here. uh unless you've done
something like this before. But I'll
make it really simple by actually giving
you guys a brief demonstration on I
don't know some use case or problem that
uh I think we'd probably all be able to
relate to. Another final benefit is you
get to do all this in parallel. So like
you know if you think about it if you
were to do one search and then do
another search afterwards and then do
another search. So for instance let's
say you have a query give me three ideas
for X and then it gives you three ideas
and you're like hey I want another three
ideas and it gives you another three
ideas and you're like I want another
three ideas. Well, at the end of it, you
may have, I don't know, nine ideas or
something, but it will have taken a
certain amount of time. If the first
search is 5 minutes, the second search
is 5 minutes, and the third search is 5
minutes. Well, you just consumed 15
minutes, right? So, instead, what this
does is this just copies the idea. Okay?
But then it parallelizes it. So, hey,
give me three ideas for X. And then what
we do is we do 1 2 and three. And in
total, this takes 5 minutes. And then we
just combine those three answers back
over here. The formal way to do
stochastic multi-agent consensus, at
least the way that I'm doing it here, is
we'll provide a single question or
prompt. Then we'll do slight framing
variations of every prompt that we're
feeding into the model. And then we'll
feed in I don't know, I'll probably feed
in like three or four, five or maybe 10
simultaneously. Depends on how deep you
want it to go. And then um what'll
happen is these will be instantiated as
what are called sub aents, okay? Which
are similar to the main agent, but they
operate in their own defined context
window. And then all of these will just
report back their answers to the parent
agent. So this parent over here is
basically going to work with a whole
fleet of sub aents and then once they're
all done their work, it'll synthesize
the answers. And then because what we're
looking for is we're looking for like
statistical variation, it'll calculate
um what's called the mode, which is the
frequency of each answer, and then the
median, which is like the average of
each answer before ultimately combining
all this to give you much better
results. One final idea there is this
idea of consensus. A lot of models are
going to say the same things. Obviously,
some models are going to say things that
are quite different. And then finally,
there will be outliers, which are wild
cards. These wild cards here are
potentially brilliant, but they might
only appear like 5 or 10% of the time,
which is why we spawn so many of these
agents that we can actually like farm
these wild cards. We can we can milk
them like cows. And then in that way,
you can have the best ideas coming from
these these fleets of agents. Um, and
then also save a lot of time in things
like product ideation. I don't know,
man. Keyword search, titles for for for
content. At least that's what I'm using
it for. Or a variety of other things.
Hell, research inventions. I'm sure
Anthropic and and Google and OpenAI
probably have fleets of models that are
doing basically this exact same thing
behind the scenes constantly. Let me
actually show you guys what this looks
like in practice. I'm just going to zoom
way out of this and close a bunch of
these so you don't have to look at them
anymore. I'm going to spawn a new Claude
code tab over here on the right. And
what I'm going to do is I'm going to use
the skill that I've set up called
stochastic multi-agent consensus. So
opening this up so you guys could read
it. What we're doing is responding n
agents where n is just the number that
you specify with slight framing
variations to independently analyze a
problem then aggregate results by
consensus. We use this for decision-m
ranking things strategic analysis or any
problems where you want to filter
hallucinations and surface high variance
ideas. So hypothetically let's just say
hey I've struggled a lot with finding
any traction on Tik Tok whatsoever. I've
built up a bunch of accounts and I can't
seem to get more than like a thousand
views per Tik Tok account. I'd like you
to use stochastic multi-agent consensus
to help me come up with possible
candidate ideas to solve this. I'm going
to feed this idea in. Okay. And this is
a real idea. Actually, we are struggling
to get uh traction on Tik Tok for
whatever reason. We got 450K followers
on Instagram. No problem. But, you know,
the second we move things over to Tik
Tok, we're just not really getting too
many views. So what it's going to start
with is it will spawn 10 agents all
independently analyzing my Tik Tok
problem and every one of them will get
slightly different analytical framing to
maximize the diversity of ideas. Just
going to zoom in here so you guys could
see this. But we now have a conservative
analysis. So Nick Sarif has 287K YouTube
subscribers. You know um his YouTube
audience is primarily professionals.
Here's a bunch of information about him.
He has a small team. here's how he's
doing things and and so on and so forth.
This agent over here says, "Hey, I want
you to assume limited time and budget."
This agent over here, I want you to only
focus on what is measurable and
provable. This agent over here, you
know, I want you to think about it from
the end user and viewer perspective. And
so what we're doing is we're basically
taking advantage of the
parallelizability of models, not
necessarily the base intelligence. So
the intelligence is obviously important,
but like we care more about like
scanning and searching through a space
of all possible solutions really
quickly. And then at the end, we're
going to converge all this back with our
parent agent. Now, once all these agents
have turned green here, if I open up
this thinking tab, you could see that
it's now combining all of the
information from each individual one.
So, there's a bunch of uh suggestions
saying, "Hey, you should try fresh
account. You should try device reset.
You should try clean fingerprinting.
Hey, you should try Tik Tok native hook
reformatting. Hey, you should do duets
with existing creators to take advantage
of the fact that you're probably bigger.
Hey, you should do a series format, high
posting frequency, and so on and so
forth." And then you have some
disagreements here as well. And this
disagreements might be paid Tik Tok
spark ads. Only one out of 10 agents
suggested something. You know, in this
one, um, they recommend using shorts.
But then in this one, they recommend
using a micro topic focus to build
authority and audience clarity. You
know, I'm not going to sit here and
pretend like all these ideas are the
bee's knees. Not all of them are
capturing lightning in a bottle, but you
run this thing long enough and you'll
see eventually you will get some pretty
good ideas. And the ideas will be
consensus ideas like the idea of a fresh
account, but it'll also be kind of like
outlier ideas with painoint framing,
paid Tik Tok spark ads, niching down
your account identity, crossosting your
Instagram reels to YouTube shorts first.
I mean, there there there are a lot of
possible ideas right now. It's opened up
this consensus report, which I can
visualize for you guys by clicking this
button. And you can see here it's now
saying, "Hey, here is the context. Tik
Tok growth stalled at 1K views per
account across multiple accounts despite
this massive YouTube subs and 450,000
followers with almost 5 million reals
views a month. And then here um this
orchestrator now summarizes it and says
hey every agent independently identified
Tik Tok native hook reformatting is
really critical. You know Instagram is a
little bit different from Tik Tok hooks.
Content optimized for Instagram will
systematically fail Tik Tok's cold start
test. So you actually have to
restructure it if you really want to
crush. Same thing here. fresh account,
clean device, fingerprint. I mean, there
is just so much context here, it's not
even funny. And so, the reality is I
would have come up with these ideas at
some point, but I basically got to put,
you know, a genie in a bottle and then
have 500 genies simultaneously solve my
wishes at 100x speed and then aggregate
all results for um you know, I don't
know, probably like three or$4 dollars
realistically in terms of tokens. You
also had a couple agents that said, "Is
Tik Tok even worth it?" And uh I think
that's a really good question to ask
because up until now, I really didn't
think it was worth it. And so, in
general, anytime that I recommend you
have a strategic decision that you need,
you can make a quick one-time tradeoff
of money for analysis by spawning a
bunch of agents, all with slight prompt
variations, and then collecting the
rankings reasoning to build this
consensus map document. And from here
you can figure out your consensus items,
your divergent items, and then your
outliers. And you know, if they're
consensus items, well, odds are probably
because a lot of models have thought
it's a good idea. You should probably do
it. If there's some divergent items,
well, you should probably like reason
about these quite a bit before deciding
on whether it makes sense. And if it's
like an outlier item, if there's only
one out of 10 agents doing it, well, it
can either be a brilliant idea, in which
case maybe you should give it a try, or
it might just be a hallucination or some
BS, in which case you don't. And so what
this allows you to do is execute with
high confidence. Thank you very much AI
for drawing that cute little that is a
huge fist. That thing would be
terrifying in real life. Um you know
this lets you scan a large portion of
the search space in a very short period
of time. And uh yeah the actual way that
you build it is very straightforward and
I'll run you guys through what all that
stuff looks like um down below in the
project description. So just like
stochastic multi- aent consensus allowed
us to scan large amounts of search space
in a short period of time. What we did
is we independently delegated work over
to agents and had them uh do things for
us. So too can we take advantage of this
same idea but in my opinion get even
higher quality results through this idea
of agent chat rooms. What agent chat
rooms are are where instead of you know
parallelizing all the work and having
all these agents try and independently
solve problems what you do is you give
all of them slightly different
personalities and then you have them all
debate with each other about these
problems. And in doing so, they tend to
deliver much higher quality responses
because they're just like they're
they're a little bit spikier. You know
what I mean? They're not just like a
generalized idea, which I'll visualize
with like this interface, but you know,
because they're they're butdding heads
with another um eventually the ideas get
really nuanced and really high quality.
And so, um whether or not you visualize
things in that way, that's personally
how I think about things. You really get
to carve out all the tiny little nooks
and crannies of an idea when you debate.
And so, here's a brief little
visualization. We start with a problem
or a prompt. We feed it in to let's say
three agents here. Agent A, agent B, and
agent C. All three are given the same
document called chat.json. And then what
occurs is they basically cycle through a
debate sequence where agent A says
something, agent B says something, and
agent C says something. And, you know,
if you do this naively, the results will
probably be pretty low. But if you, I
don't know, force a little bit of a
spark where every agent has a slightly
different opinion and they're not afraid
to like state their opinion, um, they'll
challenge each other's assumptions, they
will significantly improve the
probability that you catch errors. And
then this chat.json ends up being quite
a valuable resource because it also
shows like problem solving and stuff
like that. You can then give that to an
orchestrator and ultimately receive
higher quality output at the end. And so
it's sort of similar to what we had
earlier, right? It's just instead of
this operating um in parallel lanes,
what these agents are doing is they're
actually talking back and forth with
each other. And so they're actually
capable of having these conversations.
And I mean like I I just want you to
pretend we actually spawn 10 agents.
Agent one would be able to communicate
with agent two, but also agent three and
also agent four and also agent five and
also agent six. So like the total number
of paths and um potential like
communication I don't really know what
you want to call them like like vectors
um goes up like crazy and these agents
ultimately assuming that the idea is an
absolute BS do end up at the end of it
like quite quite differentiated u in
their ideas and their opinions. So to
show you guys what this looks like I
have another skill which is just a
repeatable workflow to be clear where I
have this model chat. The description
here is to spawn five claw instances on
a shared conversation room where they
debate, disagree, and converge on
solutions. They use roundroin turns with
parallel execution within each round for
simplicity. Then they trigger on the
model chat, multimodel debate, or
something else. So I have a bunch of
contexts down over here and you guys can
grab this file for yourselves. What I'll
do is I'll actually just pipe this into
model chat. Okay, great. Use model chat
for a similar to really work through
this idea. And now it'll spark this
model chat skill which will then have
them all dump shared context into a
little chat.json which I'll show you
guys when it's done. Okay, so the debate
has now concluded after these five
agents had this conversation. Okay, we
can actually see the the the chat
conversation as well by going down here
to this model chat. Let's go latest and
we'll go conversation. Um basically
what's occurred is we've given it a
topic to talk about and then we've
assigned a systems thinker, a
pragmatist, an edge case finder, a user
advocate and then a contrarian to the
task. So first of all the systems
thinker begins, the pragmatist replies,
the edge case finder goes, the user
advocate goes and so on and so forth.
And you can see each of them are um
pretty pretty interestingly suggesting
uh various approaches. So the user
advocate says, "Let me push back on
something that challenges the consensus
has glossed over, which is the clean
device plus fresh account fixes
fingerprinting is the problem. There's a
simpler explanation nobody has stress
tested. Nick's content format is
fundamentally mismatched to Tik Tok's
cold start algo." And so these are sort
of arriving at similar conclusions
despite the fact that uh you know we
instantiated this separately. And then
if we check out the synthesis, we can
see that all of them have agreed that we
need to run some diagnostics that hook
reformatting is necessary but
sufficient. the high volume posting
blitz two to five a day is wrong. And
then fixing the IG YouTube pipeline
immediately is important regardless of
the Tik Tok decision. This is something
that I guess I got contact from one of
my other files because um basically
despite the fact that I have 450K
Instagram followers, a very few of them
are converting to YouTube subscribers
and a lot of people a lot of models as
well are suggesting that the reason for
that is cuz Instagram is really blocking
outbound links which I think is actually
fair. But then uh there are a lot of you
know disagreements as well. So a lot of
people say, "Nope, Stitch Duet's stupid.
Tik Tok versus IG pipeline is an
eitheror. Device fingerprinting might
not be the issue. Maybe it's content
mismatch." Right? And uh there are a lot
of insights that because we were able to
sharpen our opinions via debate, these
agents got that the previous model runs
through stochastic multi-agent consensus
did not. So maybe we're looking for
saves, not completions. Maybe there's
just no category online yet. Although
this is not true, if they had the
ability to research, they probably would
have figured this out. Maybe it has to
do with emotional moments. And then here
it even gave a recommended execution
plan. So, as mentioned, you know, I
wouldn't rely on agents for strategic
advice at the moment, but I would
certainly not be opposed to trading a
little bit of my money for a bunch of my
time back and at least ideulating
through the lowerhanging fruit. If you
run enough of these cycles, you will
find pretty intriguing and interesting
outlier ideas. That's just how
statistics works. So you guys can get
all this down below in that document.
The next idea I want to talk about is
this idea of sub agent verification
loops. To make a long story short, where
previously we took advantage of
parallelization, we're going to take a
step back now to sort of serial um
processing. But when an agent works
really hard to accomplish a task for
you, it usually gets pretty biased in
that it believes that its path was the
best. And the reason why is because, you
know, it just spent god knows how much
time, energy, and compute cycles
building your app or putting together
your workflow or doing your taxes or
whatever the hell. And because of that,
you know, series of like design
decisions and then issues and bug fixes,
it's just very consolidated in its
opinion that the way that it did what it
did was the best. So if you were to ask
that same agent, hey, can you make this
better? A lot of the time it'll look at
it and be like, well, no, I did a pretty
good job. I don't think there's any way
to do it better. However, instead of
just giving that agent back the entire
context and saying, can you do it
better? A much smarter thing to do is to
take all of the um outputs, not the
reasoning, then give the output, aka
your code or your workflow or the
results of your your accounting to
another agent and then say, "Hey, is
this right?" Because now that second
agent can evaluate purely based off
output. It doesn't actually have to deal
with evaluating things based off the
reasoning or the intent. And so your um
work can end up being a lot higher
quality as a result. So here's a quick
example using like a coding thing where
uh we wanted to build a rate limiter.
What'll happen is our first agent will
implement and write the first draft of
the code. This code output will pass to
a reviewer agent. Now the reviewer agent
is spawned with fresh context, meaning
there's no tokens that are polluting its
window and a zero bias. And what it does
is just like objectively speaking, you
ask it, is this thing correct? Are there
any issues here at first glance? Any
ways you could simplify this? Now,
because it's treating this just like
it's treating a random snippet of code
it finds on the internet, you know, it
it has no opinions. It has no inherent
like desire to claim, well, this is the
best way because I spent all this time,
energy, and research figuring it out.
And it'll be able to to look at things
with, you know, those fresh eyes. From
there, if it finds issues, the idea
behind sub agent verification loops is
it'll list those issues and then pass
the suggestions to a third agent called
a resolver, which has zero context about
any of this stuff as well. And so in
this way, an implement reviewer resolver
loop can get significantly higher
quality results than just one agent
doing everything simultaneously. If
there are no issues, everything's
approved, we're good to go. Um,
otherwise it resolves, we do some
testing, and then we get the final
verified code output. Are you guys
noticing a trend here? Basically, all of
these like advanced agent foundation uh
advanced agent prompting techniques
ultimately circle back to having
multiple agents working in parallel. And
it's really interesting because like the
way that agents work themselves is they
already do work in parallel. You know, a
few years ago, um, agents were basically
just one statistical model and you would
ask the statistical model to help you
complete the the the sentence or
whatever and then would give you the
most likely next token and then would
rerun over and over and over again until
it did that. Well, a few years back, um,
people started introducing this idea
called a mixture of experts, which is
instead of just having one model, what
you do is you actually send the same
thing to like three or four models, you
average out the statistical
probabilities of every word and then you
just pick what they all converged on.
Very similar what I did there with
stochastic multi-age consensus. And so
this mixture of experts is sort of like
the base foundation that resulted in a
really big improvement in large language
model accuracy among other things like
post-training and RLHF and and and stuff
like that. But what's really cool is all
of these frameworks basically do the
same idea. You know we we treat these
mixture of experts now as themselves
models and then we prompt them with each
other. We do them in parallel and then
integrate their answers like stocastic
multi-age consensus. We have them debate
against each other like with model
chats. And now what we're doing is we're
basically having them correct each
other's work like with sub agent
verification loops. So all of these are
just try uh trading off the same core
foundational like features of models
which is that at the end of the day
they're statistical machines. And so the
more of these statistics that you can I
don't know average out the closer you
get to the reality. Another way of
thinking about this is if the implement
agent has already spent 200,000 tokens
accumulating all that context, it'll
literally remember every wrong turn and
every dead end. It'll have a sunk cost
bias. It'll say, "Well, I wrote this, so
it must be right." And in a way, it'll
be blind to its own mistakes. When you
pass it off to this super nerdy looking
reviewer agent, it has a fresh empty
context. It'll only see the output, not
the journey that we took to get there.
No emotional attachment, although I
think this is unnecessary at
theorphization. And it'll catch what the
reviewer missed. So, uh, let me show you
guys how this actually looks like in
practice. Here I have this app that I
developed a while back for a video on
vibe coding, and you guys can check that
out in the description if you're
interested. It's where I basically put
together a full endto-end system that
allowed you to um, design and then
syndicate a bunch of content. So, you
know, this is just some app, right? This
app, I don't even know if it's fully
functional. Okay, no, it isn't because I
had to turn it off. But hypothetically,
there's a big code base here, right? And
so what I want to do is I want to use
this app to show you guys how an un um
biased code reviewer would take a look
at the code that a previous agent had
written, in this case Gemini, and um and
improve it. So what I'm going to do is
I'm going to go find this repo. Okay.
And I found it over here. It's in the
Splinter repository. That makes sense.
I'm just going to open up a new Cloud
Code instance. And then down over here,
I'm going to say I'd like you to use,
and I just need to make sure I know what
the skill is called.
agent review on the Splinter repo. It's
let's just say folder. It's in the
parent folder so that it knows where
this is. That way I can still execute it
within this um business uh workspace
which I found a much better way of
organizing things. And while it's doing
that, I'm going to open up the skill.md.
So what the skill.mmd does is it spawns
sub agents to review, simplify, and
verify output. It uses after completing
many non-trivial implementation tasks
and it triggers on the words review this
agent review self-review or you know
slag agent-review and you can see it's
already doing this. It's um spun up a
sub agent called review splinter
codebase. And what this does is it
reviews it for four things. Correctness,
edge cases, simplification and then
security. Now like do I know how to do
all this programming under the hood? No,
I don't. But these agents certainly do.
And so we can take advantage of that by
having an agent with zero context. this
one here, review that entire workspace
um sort of independently and
objectively. And now it's doing a bunch
of reading and it's going to integrate
that with the suggestions of this model
to give us a much higher quality output.
All right, the Splinter code review just
finished up and we found 22 issues
across the codebase. There's some
critical ones here, some high issues
here, some medium issues here, and then
some low issues over there. Now, it's
asking me if it wants me to start fixing
any of these, and I'll say absolutely.
And the whole idea behind this now is
we're we're capable of looking at this
completely objectively, you know, like I
asked the initial model Gemini when I
made the uh the app in the course like
multiple times, hey, are there any
issues here? Hey, are there any ways to
make this better? Hey, what do you
suspect is a problem? And just couldn't
find it because it was so polluted by
its own biases. Now another model can
and it's very similar to like peer
review in like academic um circles. It's
not that like you know you're dumb for
coming up with this codebase like how
dare you. It's just that as you work on
things more and more and more, you tend
to see things a little more narrow and
more narrow because you've explored a
bunch of other possible paths. And the
reality is the fact that you explored
those paths and those don't work don't
necessarily mean that if somebody else
explored one of those paths, it wouldn't
work either. And so this is just a way
of remaining as objective as humanly
possible, which is obviously a very
valuable thing to do when you're doing
things like creating applications, code,
um, you know, sales, marketing, and all
the various things that AI agents allow
us to do. Next up, I want to talk a
little bit about prompt contracts. For
those of you guys that don't know,
earlier on we chatted a little bit about
a definition of done, right? Well, vague
tasks, aka tasks that don't have clearly
defined definitions of done, are
basically the number one problem
nowadays with what I would consider to
be people's like disillusion with AI
agents. Like when a total novice starts
using AI and then they dive into some
agent coding platform and then they just
say, "Hey, build me a Netflix 2.0. make
me a million dollars, make no mistakes.
Um, because of their extraordinarily
poorly defined definition of done,
because they're poorly defined goals,
because they don't give it any
constraints, because they don't give it
any failure conditions, uh, that model
is just not going to do any any get
anywhere near as high quality and end
result as if they did just follow a
simple little uh, step-by-step process.
And so the step-by-step process
obviously you could learn, but you could
also just like hardcode it as a skill
somewhere in your workspace or as uh you
know something in your cloud NMD and
then just force your model to always
have this information before you
proceed. And so for instance, if you
give it a vague task like build a rate
limiter, okay, it'll do pretty poorly.
But the whole idea behind a prompt
contract is you basically make the user
who puts in a request like this sign a
mini contract and just say, "Okay, cool.
The contract is, you know, here's what
your goal is. Here what your constraints
are. here's what your format is and
here's what your failure is. Are you
good to go? If the answer to that
question is yes, now the model has
actually gone through the step of
defining your goal, your constraints,
your format and your failure. And so all
of your definitions are done, all of the
various uh kind of technical spec
requirements here are much more laid out
and then the model sort of has a lot
easier of a way of going about things.
And so this is very similar if you guys
are aware um to like this idea of
scopes.
Now I, you know, I run like a freelance
education platform, like an AI
automation agency education platform.
And so scopes are a really big part of
like a successful project. Um, and so I
teach people how to define like really
precise and concrete scopes. Uh, whether
you're doing, you know, a small project
for a client or working with some large
enterprise business or something like
that. And like a real real common issue
is scopes just tend either to be way too
vague and so people don't actually
clearly define them or they end up way
too restrictive in so far that people
you know in a in an attempt to
counterbalance the vagueness. They end
up going like way too specific and then
the scope ends up being like so
restrictive that it's like you know
you're a slave to it and you can't
change anything. And so prompt contracts
sort of help you navigate the the thin
line between too vague and too
restrictive. And it's very similar in
nature to like giving a contractor a
task and then the contractor clarifying
with you before they actually do the
task which I think you know is clearly a
consequence of agents pushing all of us
more towards like management style
positions where we just manage the
inputs and the outputs of these things.
So a big fan of defining these clearly.
So what does this actually mean in
practice? Well, there's obviously a
million and one different ways you can
define prompt contracts. The way that
I've decided to do so in this
demonstration is through a skill called
prompt- contract. And so basically
before implementing any non-trivial
task, the skill forces you to generate a
structured prompt contract with goals,
constraints, the format of output, and
then failure. So the idea here is you're
treating it just like a spec or a scope
of work. Any task that produces code or
some configuration settings or something
like that needs to go through this
process. And then this model will sort
of selfanalyze the request before
drafting a four section contract and
then presenting it for approval. This is
almost uh similar in nature to like the
plan mode that a lot of these um agent
platforms now have. Like in cloud code
for instance, it can enter plan mode and
give you a brief little plan and have
you approve the plan before it proceeds.
It's just this formalizes it as a
contract. And no, you're not signing
your life away with cloud code when you
do this. Um, but you know, it's a simple
and easy way to make sure that you get
more repeatable and consistent and
accurate outputs every time. So, why
don't I actually do this? Use prompt
contracts to define this task. And then
I'm just going to pretend that I'm
giving it a really simple query. I'm
just going to say, I want you to build
me a beautiful site for leftclick.ai.
That's my um agency. So, what it's going
to do is it'll begin by invoking the
skill prompt contract. And I mean,
beautiful site is such a subjective
term, right? right? I mean, like, what
the heck does that even mean? And so,
the model is going to be essentially
forced to ask me for more context on
what constitutes a beautiful site to me.
And in this way, we'll get a much higher
quality site or app or whatever the hell
at the end of it. Likewise, you could do
this with any business task as well. It
doesn't just have to be like a design
task. Um, you could set up a prompt
contract for, hey, email these 45
people. And it could ask you like, oh,
like what spec, you know, specifications
do you do you want to confirm that
they're emailed? And what do you want
the emails to say? And what's the goal
of a successful thing? and like, do you
have any failure parameters? If we only
email 44, is that okay with you? Right?
It basically forces it to be a lot more
clear and then concise. So, what's
happening now is it's gone through, it's
actually accessed leftclick.ai, that's
my current website, and then it's um
getting a bunch of screenshots and stuff
like that. And the reason why is because
it's attempting to build up context for
the prompt contract. So, its first step
was to analyze the request, right? What
it's going to do is it'll identify what
done looks like. It'll identify some
implicit assumptions. So, what am I
about to force the model to assume
without being told? Well, obviously an
assumption is I already have a website,
right? And so, it's going to go through,
take pictures of my website, and see,
well, if Nick wants something different
from this, why? And then, it's going to
sort of make its own judgment to that
end. And now, it's actually giving me
the contract. So, the goal is a single
page marketing site for leftclick. Here
are some constraints. You know, we want
smooth scroll animations under 500 lines
of HTML. The format is this. There
should be these sections. subtle
animations fade in on scroll hover
states. A failure is if it looks like a
generic Bootstrap template. A failure is
if it's broken on mobile. A failure is
if the animations are janky. The failure
is if the file exceeds 500 lines. So, I
actually really like this prompt
contract. It's really simple and
straightforward. So, I'm actually going
to say go ahead and build it. But what's
cool is, you know, we're now actually
having a conversation about this. We're
actually agreeing on, you know, what the
end result is going to be. And this is
actually really similar in nature to the
other thing that I want to talk to you
guys about which is um kind of related
and orthogonal to prompt contracts
although it is a little bit different.
And this is called reverse prompting.
Now reverse prompting is in a similar
vein a mechanism used to clarify the
quality of a prompt and improve the
probability that it ends up okay. And
basically the way that this works is
instead of just like forcing the model
to give you this contract and having you
sign off on it, it it takes it one step
further. it actually forces the model to
ask you some clarifying questions ahead
of time. So rather than just give you a
spec sheet and say, "Okay, we're good to
go." What reverse prompting does is it
um has the model ask you a bunch of
questions that you maybe didn't even
think that you had to answer, the model
then takes all bad context and then
feeds that into a prompt contract later
on. Okay, so step one is when the user
gives a task to an AI agent. So I don't
know, this is like a website, right?
Step two is the agent asks five
clarifying questions back to the user
before starting. Step three is when we
answer and then the agent builds the
correct thing on the first try. So
significantly improves one-shot
potential. And then if we didn't have
reverse prompting, there'd be a lot of
like wrong implicit assumptions here
which would result in, you know, the
probability of a oneshot, which is just
when the agent does it in literally one
request uh going down quite a bit. And
so similarly, I also have a reverse
prompt skill over here. And so if I go
to this reverse prompt skill, you can
see the way that this is set up is
before implementing any non-trivial
build, ask the user five dynamically
generated clarifying questions to
surface non-obvious preferences,
assumptions, and constraints. So when to
trigger before starting the
implementation, step one, analyze the
request, figure out some stated
requirements, implicit assumptions,
some decision points, failure modes, and
taste dependent choices. Right? And so
likewise, if I instead wanted to build,
let's say something for
build a beautiful site for 1 second
copy, which is my old content writing
company, which we just had to shut down
a few days ago. U as you guys can
imagine, content isn't super in these
days.
Oh, and then um use the reverse prompt
skill and chain it together with prompt
contracts after. What you could see is
we're now engaged significantly more
than we were before. Before I just say,
"Build me a beautiful site." Probability
that it gets what I want right on the
first try. Pretty damn low. What it's
doing now is it's asking a bunch of
clarifying questions to confirm whether
or not, you know, this site is as I want
it to be. And then after I feed it back
that information, it'll then take that
and use that to construct essentially
that that prompt contract that we had
before. So here's what the conversation
looks like. What's the primary goal of
the site? Brand credibility,
salesfunnel, lead genen. You know what I
want is just brand credibility. Should
it be a single static page site or
should I build it in some other
framework? No, I wanted a simple site.
What's the vibe? You know, it's AI
content writing. You know, should I do a
clean modern SAS aesthetic? Think linear
versel? Do I want something different?
Yeah, I want like linear but white. You
know, should I generate the copy from
context or use some placeholder content?
No, you're cool. You can generate it
from here. Now once we've clarified
everything, what this model is going to
do is use all this information to
outline the prompt contract using the
prompt contract skill. And now you can
see it's invoking this skill as well.
And here we have a contract. It'll be a
single page static site for 1 second.
Copy linear weight aesthetic 5 seconds
deploy ready. Here's some constraints.
Here's the format. Maybe I don't like
the format. Maybe I don't want it inside
of active, you know, I want it somewhere
else. Uh but anyway, in in this case,
maybe I want to look good and build it.
Now, just to show you guys an example of
how much higher quality we can get when
we actually do this, this is the um
website that uh it just built for us.
I'm just going to refresh this puppy and
take it to a new window because it gets
cut off that window. This is here. We
have those cool sexy animations. As we
scroll down, we also have some
information. Um it's it's light theme,
right? We have these really minimalistic
requirements here. Information about
myself, some services page, words from
happy clients, and then ultimately like
a CTA. And so, you know, the reason why
I was able to get much closer to what I
wanted, which was a minimalistic white
high-end aesthetic is just because,
like, you know, I I had it outlined in a
contract. As I'm sure you guys can
imagine, you can employ the same
approach for whatever the heck you want,
whether you're building a site or you
are, you know, selling to people or you
are doing some sort of bookkeeping or
accounting. It's all just about uh
building out a very strong definition of
done. And the model can assist you with
this. You don't actually have to sit
down and laboriously write it all out
yourself. And that takes us to the
initial demo that we started with which
was the multi- aent Chrome MCP manager.
Now basically at the very beginning of
this course you didn't understand how
you know one agent could spawn a bunch
of other agents. You didn't understand a
lot of like the parallelization plays.
You also didn't understand that uh you
know you could have agents actually chat
with each other and communicate. You
didn't understand the idea behind using
one agent to verify the work of another.
you didn't understand the idea behind
delegating to multiple different types
of models. What's really cool is the
multi- aent Chrome setup that I showed
you guys where we had, you know, five or
10 agents all operating independently in
their own browsers, in their own
workspaces. All of that just feeds off
of this this idea or this concept um of,
you know, agents increasing their level
of communication with other agents. And
so essentially if you think about this
logically, you know, if I were to do
this uh with like a single agent, so
let's just say one agent, you know, it's
not actually rocket science to have one
agent use a browser these days. There
are built-in skills called MCPs, model
context protocols basically that you can
just pipe in and immediately connect to
and it can do everything for you. Okay,
it can it can launch Chrome and then it
can control things on the page and
whatnot. It can do that. So, you know,
the issue is it just takes a lot of
time. We'll receive the target URL.
We'll launch Chrome via the DevTools
MCP. We'll navigate to the website.
We'll take a screenshot and you know in
my case this over here was like um
specific for me which was just page or
rather form fills. After that we'll
identify the form extract the form
fields generate a personalized message
fill the fields and then click submit.
Um but you know this is still something
that's occurring linearly and because of
linear constraints you know unless you
are using uh I don't know like a Gemini
flash model or you're using fast mode
and burning through your clawed token uh
usage limits this is going to take a
fair amount of time. This process over
here literally to just like launch the
browser could take 5 seconds. This
process to navigate to the website could
take 5 seconds. Taking a page screen
check could take 15 seconds. Identifying
the contact form could take a minute.
You know, if you stack it all up,
basically what's occurring is this whole
process here might take literally 2 to 3
minutes per form if you're operating
naively using a slower model. And if
you're operating non- naively, if you're
using a smarter model, then obviously
you have to weigh that against cost and
and and token usage and stuff like that.
So, I don't know, let's hypothetically
say in my case, I wanted to reach out to
uh you know, 1,000 people. Well, if it
takes me 2 to 3 minutes to form, that's
1,000 * 2. That's 2,000 minutes, which
divided by 60 is like 30 hours or
something like that, right? That's a
very long time. It's going to take me a
whole day. So, instead of just doing one
agent, what I'm going to do is I'm
basically going to give every agent its
own both Chrome instance and then even
its own workspace and then open up its
autonomy so that it can make um some
advanced decisions to basically help it
build its own tooling if it needs uh in
order to like navigate website pages or
whatever. Now, what this is going to
look like it's pretty similar to um our
previous uh you know stochastic multi-
aent consensus prompt where basically we
have a user up top. Okay. And this is
us. And what we're going to do is we're
going to give all the context about our
task whatever it is that we want you
know fill out a form or I don't do some
lead genen to an orchestrator agent
which um in this case I'll do claude and
we'll just do opus which uh in my case
is going to be 4.6. Maybe in your case
it's a better model. And then what
that'll do is it'll spawn and set up,
you know, however many agents we want in
separate windows. That'll then all in
parallel navigate to the site, find the
form, fill the fields, and then do the
submission. And so basically, instead of
it taking 2 minutes per form, what we
can do is we can actually submit, you
know, however many forms. So I don't
know, let's say we have like 10 agents,
we'd submit 10 forms in the same amount
of time it took to submit one. So maybe
for us it'll be 120 seconds. And then
what we do is we just we just increase
this as necessary. I mean I could
theoretically have 500 operating if I
had the computing power. So you know if
um previously it was one form in uh what
did I say 2 minutes and that means the
form per minute rate is like 0.5 forms a
minute right but now if we spin up 10
and we do 10 in 2 minutes we're up to
five a minute. If we spin up I don't
know 100 and we're up to 50 a minute.
And you know, if my goal was 2,000 a day
and we're at 50 a minute, then obviously
2,000 divided by 50 means we can get
this whole thing done in 40 minutes. And
you know, depending on the the the list
and whatever the heck you got, obviously
the constraints change, but um this is
how you can have multiple Chrome
instances operating simultaneously it
navigating the website and stuff like
that. What I have here is a skill called
multi-- aent-chrome. And again, this is
something you can implement using
whatever um context framework you want,
whether it's a skill, whether it's like
a claude, Gemini, or agentmd, whatever
the heck you want. What this basically
forces it to do is to orchestrate
parallel browser automation using
multiple Chrome DevTools MCP instances.
And this is used when a task requires
doing the same browser action across
many targets simultaneously. So some
good examples are submitting forms,
filling apps, scraping pages that need
JavaScript rendering and and whatever.
And so what's occurring down here is
basically we have a tople business
workspace which is sort of the folder
that I'm in right now. And this actually
interacts with a bunch of Chrome agents
which all have their own little MCP
servers their own little um claw.mds and
so on and so forth. And then they all
communicate with a centralized chat and
if they run into problems on websites if
they have any reports they want to give
basically what happens is this
orchestrator just checks the chat every
30 seconds or so. Okay. So the very
first step is it determines how many
agents are needed. Then it launches all
the Chrome instances. It resets the chat
file because uh you know previous runs
may have that. And then you can see how
every individual sub agent actually
monitors its own um task list by
basically just pumping things into a
chat. This is one of the simplest and
easiest ways of getting this specific
design pattern done. As mentioned, you
guys can get this down below if you
want, but I'm just going to give you
guys a simple example, which in my case
is going to be just finding Vancouver
rentals because I'm, you know,
considering getting a rental um down
there. And so, you know, rather than
have it give you crappy results, this
thing can actually navigate like
Craigslist, Facebook Marketplace,
Kijiji, whatever the heck you want. Uh,
and the the specific script is right
over here. So, hypothetically, what I'll
do is I'll just open up a new window.
And then I'll go over here and then I'll
write uh I want to find a rental in
Vancouver. Needs to be 15 minute walk
from the Granville Sky Train station
downtown. use multi- aent Chrome to
navigate through sites and give me high
quality sleek places under 2.5 let's say
2K to 2.5K
other restrictions like one bed one bath
reasonably near the water needs AC built
in okay so I'm giving it a highle um you
know piece of instruction and sorry what
meant to do is actually do prompt
contract after this. And now I want it
to give me like a very clear contract.
So it's going to give me a list of 5 to
10 rental apartments. Why don't we say
20 rental apartments? And then I'll say
1.2 km is fine. We'll say near water,
south of Drake or west of Bard. Okay,
I'm just going to make some changes
here. And then I'll say that sounds
pretty good. Go for it. And now it's
going to actually launch the multi- aent
chrome scraping. So it's then going to
invoke the skill. I'm just going to keep
my hands off. What it'll do next is
actually spawn um four parallel Chrome
agents, one per rental site. So, it'll
determine that there are four rental
sites that it's going to be running
through. And it'll just have one Chrome
instance sort of do everything there uh
per site. So, now we have the four
instances. I'm just going to open this
up here. Open this up here. I'll move
this one down over here. I'll also move
this one down over here. Obviously, you
could use an approach like this for
pretty nefarious purposes. Um, so you do
have to be cognizant of that that a lot
of people and websites are probably um,
you know, they're looking to verify
whether or not you are a person. And so
there are multiple things you can do to
get around that if you so wanted to,
like using custom um, browser
fingerprinting and whatnot. And I think
that's a story for another course
because I don't really want this course
to be accused of just showing you guys
how to spin up like 500 Chrome instances
scraping all sorts of illicit
information on the internet using unique
browser fingerprints. But uh that stuff
is definitely possible and there are
probably like a lot of people doing
stuff similar to this right now. They're
just way farther ahead in terms of their
uh you know understanding of a agents
and stuff like that. Now after the 30
secondond or so wait time these will
receive their instructions and they'll
actually check the main thread and then
they'll load in their websites. So this
one up here spawned li I've never used
that site before. This one's
padmapper.com which is another one. You
know these are all like websites and
resources I probably would not have
looked at. And as a result I'm going to
get more of like a search spread. I'm
going to again a big chunk of the search
space much faster than if I were to have
done all this stuff manually. What's
cool is these can zoom directly into
pages for me. These can click on links
and stuff like that. They're obviously
modifying filters and and whatnot
autonomously so that they're not just
getting a bunch of bogus results. And at
the end I get a high quality filtered
list of apartments that are, you know,
within my specifications. Okay, I just
turned my camera off because I wanted
some additional room on the bottom left
hand side to really drill a few
important points home. The first is your
context window. Now remember earlier how
we talked about the claude.m MD, the
Gemini MD, and then the agents.m MD.
Over here, we just have Claude, but I
just want you to treat this as all uh
three of them. That's not the only thing
that gets injected, so to speak, in your
context.
You have a variety of other things. Now,
you have your system prompt up top. You
then have the claw.md agents.mmd and
whatever else. You have a file at least
in cloud code called memory.md
although there are analoges in other
coding platforms.
And then you also have skills and tools.
We've chatted a lot about MCP over the
course the last hour and a half or so.
Right? Well MCP is a type of skill and
tool. We also have the actual skills
themselves. So remember the agent
reviewer when we were doing sub agent
verification loops. Well, that was an
example of a skill. If you think to the
prompt contracts,
those were examples of skills.
And the reason why I'm going into depth
here is because each of these sections
can consume a tremendous number of
tokens. And you're not given an
unlimited number of tokens to start
with. Everything in life is finite,
including uh you know your claude or
your Gemini context window. Now most
models right now are somewhere between
uh I don't know if it's like 4.6 we're
probably talking 200K to 1 million. If
we're talking Gemini, you know, we have
like 3.1 and there there a couple other
ones obviously by the time you guys are
watching this there'll probably be more.
And then you know you have uh GPT 5.4 4
and then codeex 5.3, but the 5.4 is
coming out. You know, most models
nowadays have somewhere in the realm of
between 200k to 1 million. And to be
clear, um, a token is not a word. A
token is about
0.7
words. So if you think about it in that
vein, what this means is these 200k
tokens sort of actually equate to
somewhere between like 140,000 words to
about 700,000 words. Okay. Um but this
context window obviously gets filled up
the more that you talk with it. And
unfortunately, one common and major
problem in large language models,
specifically the types that we're
dealing with in this course, are as time
goes on and you talk to it more and more
and more, what you find is the average
quality
goes down.
So quality
as a factor or a byproduct of token
count typically starts pretty high up
here at maybe I don't know 100%.
And then the longer and longer and
longer the number of tokens in your
context the lower and lower and lower
the quality gets. So maybe this is at
10k, maybe this is at 50k, maybe this
over here is at 200k. And what that
means is let's just hypothetically say
you're at your 199,000th
token. Okay, that means that on a
equivalent query that you might have
previously scored 100% at
at I don't know 5 or 10k tokens at
199,000 tokens you might only score 40%
at. Now, these numbers I basically
pulled out of my ass to be clear, but
the point I'm trying to make is the
longer the token count, basically the
bigger the context length, the lower the
performance of the model. And so,
understanding context windows and then
learning a little bit of context
management, ways to proactively manage
all of these things, some of which you
have control over and some of things
which you don't, is very important. It's
also important, of course, because of
billing. The more tokens that you use
up, obviously the more money that you
spend. And so, not only is it best from
a quality perspective over here to try
and push to the left side of this graph
as much as humanly possible, it's also
very relevant from a financial
perspective over here because obviously
the more tokens that you use, the more
money you spend. Case in point, just to
make this video, I've spent something
around $500 or so in tokens. That's
because I'm using a particular agent uh
fast mode which bills me directly
instead of just using a monthly plan.
But the point remains any sort of
serious AI agent application will start
spending and using a fair amount of your
money. Okay, just before I move on, I
want to talk a tiny bit about the
differences between each of these in
length. If I open up an actual clawed
instance here, open up one of these and
then I go to terminal, which is the
current best way to visualize this. Then
if I just maximize this panel size,
let's just make this as big as humanly
possible. Then I go /context,
claude will show us all of the things
currently consuming its tokens. I'm
going to zoom in here to make it really,
really clear what's going on.
This right over here is your context
usage. And as you can see, they've
illustrated this as sort of a series of
squares where every square is, I don't
know, let's see, 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10.
Okay, every square is I think 2,000
tokens or so. And so what we're seeing
is despite the fact that we have put no
conversation tokens, so we haven't spent
any tokens at all on conversation,
we're still at 9,000 used.
You're probably wondering where the hell
are these 9,000 coming from? Are they
shadow billing me to try and uh rinse my
wallet as much as humanly possible?
Well, a little bit. I mean this system
prompt here, okay, which is partially
composed by your agents, your Gemini or
your clawmd and partially a few
additional things is actually already
consuming 4,900 tokens. So 2.5% of my
entire token count before I even send a
message is being used by in this case
probably the claw.md.
But in addition, you have other things
like memory files which are consuming
2,000 tokens. Okay. And the way that
they do that in cloud code is they use
something called a memory MD which
stores your preferences and some some
previous highle things. Then next up we
have skills which are consuming 1,700
tokens. What are these skills? Well, you
guys remember when we made a bunch over
here? If I go to the top lefthand corner
where it says docloud skills, you know,
every aenta coding platform has their
own configuration for this stuff. But
the way that it works in cloud code is,
you know, you organize these workflows
into these skills. Well, guess what?
These skills aren't free. In order for
Claude to be able to use these skills,
okay, this multi- aent orchestrator, it
needs to store all these tokens
somewhere and then give it to the model.
And that's what's going on over here.
Right now, the actual messages that
we've used are only at eight tokens. And
guess what? That's actually I think it's
um this word here, context usage.
I'm not entirely sure, but I think
context usage just because the way that
it's broken or maybe context usage plus
this term here /context, you know, is
equal to 8 tokens, but know that, you
know, that's that's it. That's it for
our whole token count. So, the other
158,000 of our 200,000 limit is
currently free. And so, I mean, this is
a quick and easy way obviously to
visualize it inside of Cloud Code, but
other platforms have their own
visualization mechanisms. Now, next up
are these MCP tools. A way to look at
these mcp
chromedev tools_click.
What is that? Well, this is the tool
that allows Chrome to click on parts of
the page. Remember earlier when we were
building that little nadn flow? Well, we
were doing it by clicking on various
parts of the page. How about drag?
Right? We can drag things. Get console
message. These are all basically buttons
in some colossal spaceship. Basically,
we are in the cockpit with clawed code
and we're telling it to do stuff for us.
We don't know what these buttons are. It
does because it's, you know, the ship
technician or the navigator, whatever.
And so, it's clicking these buttons
left, right, and center for us to do
various things. That's how you can
conceptualize all these MCP tools and
all these skills. And what I really like
about this is it breaks everything down.
So here are our memory files, okay,
which I talked about the memory MD, the
cloudMD. You can see this is being
contributed to in a variety of ways. We
have a global cloud.mmd which is sort of
like a very high level one with some
sparse instructions. We have the local
cloudmd and we actually have the memory
down here and then we have all the
skills. You know what was really telling
about that is despite the fact that in
this diagram conversation history is
like the biggest chunk of it all. Notice
that in reality conversation history for
us at least at the beginning was
nothing. you know, it was actually a
tremendous number of tokens, about 10%
of our entire context window dedicated
to just this little chunk. And that is a
problem because if you're not careful,
your cloud MD with all its rules are
going to get really, really long. Your
memory MD with all your preferences is
going to get huge. Same thing with all
the skills and tools and stuff like
that. And your conversation history when
you actually do get to conversating with
the model will be very, very, very
small. you know, instead of starting, I
don't know, somewhere in this region
here, you're actually because the
context window of all of your BS is so
big, you might actually like start in
the effective area over here. And
obviously, this is not what you want to
begin an agent conversation at because
if you start here, then it's obviously
only downhill from there. Now, this
takes me to the logical question of, you
know, hey, Nick, what happens when you
run out of context? Because obviously
that's going to happen. Well, when there
are 50,000 tokens, let's say out of
200,000, okay, no problem. You are
having the full conversation history
with the model, the model basically gets
literally every message starting from
message number 1 2 3 4 all the way down
to, I don't know, message number 25. And
then what it does is it takes all of
this context and then feeds it into its
big neural network to generate message
number 26, right? However, when we get
to a certain length, right? I don't
know, let's say message 50. Obviously,
there's no there's no tokens left
anymore in in the context window. Maybe
we're like 199. Well, not actually
probably like 155k out of 200k. Well,
what happens is all models now have some
sort of um what's called like autoco
compact limit. I mean, basically all of
them have adopted this convention where
when the um number of tokens that you're
using, let's say the limit is right over
here. when the number of tokens that
you're using gets to this point, okay?
You know, it fills up then fills up,
fills up, fills up and fills up. What
happens is this triggers a mechanism
called compaction
where we take all of the information
here,
which is I don't know maybe like 80% or
so of the whole context, and then we
compress it. I want you to imagine right
now there's like a a big hydraulic press
type thing over here and it's pushing
all of this context down. It's squishing
it. Basically, what's going to occur is
we're going to erase the vast majority
of this and then, you know, instead of
it consuming 80%, we're going to cram
all that information into maybe I don't
know 30 or 40% or so.
And so that is um called compaction. and
it occurs on a relatively regular basis
across the uh the model ecosystem. The
issue with the compaction or you know
compression or whatever the heck you
want to call it the same idea is during
this summarization and like
densification process we are going to
drop outputs from tools. we are going to
remove some information and context that
might actually be useful to you now at
you know message 50 for message 4 which
might actually like eliminate a mistake
and so because of that you know you are
going to lose some of the quality um the
benefit is obviously you will
significantly improve the information
density and what do I mean by
information density I mean literally
like if it's like um hello
how are you doing
I mean let's say somewhere in your
context you have the term
The sentence hello, how are you doing?
Well, hello is actually two tokens. How
is one, are is one, you is one, doing is
three along the question mark. So, in
total, if you count all this stuff up,
depending on the uh thing you're using
to do the embedding, that's uh eight,
right? Well, you know, compaction is
literally going to take this sentence
and then it's going to compress it. So,
it's going to say, "Hi, how are you?"
So now instead of that's one token here,
one token here, one token here, one
token here equals four, it will
literally get all of the context that it
can and then try and squish it so that
the same meaning is available in fewer
tokens and fewer words wherever
possible. And then it'll just run this
naively across your entire um context.
And so this is going to occur every
single time. Obviously, it's something
that we want to avoid occurring if we
have sensitive and important data, but
you know, it does allow us to continue
conversating with models. before we had
context compression and some form of
autoco compaction. Um, basically we
would just run out of tokens and we'd
have to restart a totally new session.
So this just does sort of that
intermediate step that most people were
doing before where they would like like
take all of that, you know, try and
summarize it in some other model and
then paste it back into uh into into
another one. Now that takes us to what
most model practitioners are using
nowadays, which is a variant of
something that uh people call the
iceberg technique. Now, in case you guys
have never seen an iceberg before, I'm
Canadian, so we have them everywhere,
including literally in the river across
the street from my house. Not uh actual
icebergs, but little ice floats. The way
that they work is basically you have um
a section that's visible above, which is
usually quite massive and quite
intimidating. And then you're like, "Oh
my god, that's a really big iceberg."
And then what you don't realize is
underneath the iceberg is actually like
two or three times as big. And so above
the stuff that's like immediately
visible or in our terms for the model
accessible immediately
is actually only a very small percentage
of the total iceberg.
And so in the context of our model what
we store above which is immediately
accessible. It's just sort of the stuff
that's like visible to the plain eye is
we'll store our memory. We'll store our
claude or our agents or our gemini.md.
We'll store our local memory as well.
There's different types. There's global
local. We'll store all of the current
task context. So everything that our
tools are doing then maybe any active
file content. Okay. And so all of this
stuff here is like basically always
accessible to us. It's literally just in
our prompt. But then what people are
doing to reduce the total number of
tokens that they require is they're
abstracting away everything else. and
then they're just making it accessible
to the model if it needs it. What I mean
by that is instead of putting all of the
files in your codebase in a prompt, what
it does is it gives you a tool called
read. And what read can do is read can
at any time read a file. Okay, but
instead of putting the entire file in
there for now, all it does is it just
puts the titles. So if you say, "Hey, I
want you to grab the um information on
the iceberg technique." And then in your
workspace, you have a file called
iceberg technique.md,
it'll know. It doesn't actually have to
read all of the files in your workspace.
It only has to read iceberg.mmd. Right?
Same thing with the full codebase. You
have tools like gp and glob. And these
tools are sort of analogous. Instead of
reading a whole file, what this does,
this allows you to hone in on a specific
segment of text. You know, if this is my
entire code file, okay, and
hypothetically, let's just say it's
really big and you know, there's there's
a lot of stuff, but the only thing that
I actually care about is this little
segment over here. Then why would I load
all of the I don't know 10k tokens? I
don't need to. Okay. Realistically, what
I can do as a smart model is I could use
GP and Glob these tools to maybe hone in
only on this segment over here, which is
I don't know, let's just say 2K tokens.
And because it contains some of the text
before and some of the text after, you
know, this still usually gives us enough
context to um tell the model what it
needs in order to to finish its
function. Now you also have web data via
web fetch. Web data is pretty cool. You
can kind of think of it as the same
thing. Obviously it doesn't have access
to the whole internet, but it can make
search queries, right? And so because
it's able to use some general reasoning
when you say, "Hey, what's the iceberg
technique?" First, it's going to start
by looking for file contents called
iceberg technique. It can't find any,
maybe it'll quickly type fisceberg to
look through the codebase. If it can't
find that, you know, maybe it'll look
through some other things like uh memory
files and the skills library. But if it
can't find that, it'll say, "Okay, cool.
So, we don't have this in our in our
context window right now, and we don't
even have access to it within our space,
but it's probably somewhere on the
internet. So, I'm just going to Google
iceberg technique. And then what it'll
do is it won't even take the entire
thing. It'll just grab tople links, and
then it'll look at the URL, you know,
uh, and the URL is about, guess what?
Icebergs. I'm going off the map here,
but hopefully you guys understand what I
mean. Then, if there's three URLs, one
of them is about icebergs, then instead
of reading all of them, it's only going
to read this one. And so it's sort of
like a successive narrowing of the lens
until eventually it gets to, you know,
what you want. And it doesn't load the
entirety of all of the context, but it
just has the opportunity to select all
of this. You know, it starts here, it
goes here, goes here, goes here, goes
here, goes here, and then goes here, and
then finally it's at its goal. You can
do the same thing in a variety of other
ways. You can use bash, get history, and
so on and so forth. But um essentially
what you want to do is instead of
storing all of the information like the
full code base, the file contents, the
web data, all the git history, all the
skills and everything like that, what
you do is you just store the ability to
access it on demand. And then inside the
context, okay, the tiny chunk that you
do, I mean in this diagram it says 10%
90%, you know, I think in reality it's
probably closer to 20 80 or maybe 30 70.
Um here's where you store stuff that's
just like it it needs to be the same all
the time. it always needs to be present.
There always needs to be some sort of
patterns that are learned, some sort of
active file context or uh contents or
current task context. You can think of
this as the difference between naive
versus strategic context loading. Now,
way back in the day, and when I say way
back in the day, I mean like 2023, good
god, I'm getting old. You know, when you
were working with an agent, you would
dump in the whole codebase. You would
honestly just copy and paste everything
and just hope to God that it that it
knew what it was doing. Obviously,
because this was extraordinarily
infeasible, there were so many tokens in
the context, tons of it was lost and you
routinely ran out of context limits.
Well, nowadays what we've done is we
basically built in a whole tool stack
where instead of all of the file, you
just read selectively and only the
relevant functions. You know, you have a
clawmd which is basically a compression
a compression function which just stores
your preferences. skills instead of all
being read, you know, we only read a
specific segment of them. This is
technically called the YAML front
matter, which is just a tiny little
section at the beginning of the skill.
You can actually see this if we go back
to the skill.md and I make this visible,
right? Only this section up here is
actually, you know, you can actually see
this up here. Um, the YAML front matter
is this segment. Only this segment is
actually loaded into context until you
ask for, you know, more information
about create proposal. And that's just
because this little space invader sees
you. It has the ability to call a create
proposal skill, but it doesn't need to
know all the rest of this because what's
realistically going to happen? Well, 90%
of the time you won't even ask. There's
so many other skills it'll probably be
using. We're also now doing things like
summarizing tool results. So instead of
storing the entire thing in your
context, you know, we just store like a
very short summary of basically the
input output. So way back in the day, I
used to think that all of an agent was
really just its intelligence. So it was
just the core model, right? Which in
this case would be Opus 4.6.
But what I've come to quickly realize is
although models themselves are quite
intelligent, it's really the
architecture that we've wrapped around
it. I want you to pretend this little
space invader, it's kind of now in, I
don't know, a house of some kind. And
the house has a little chimney with a
fireplace. It has a little place where
it could, I don't know, roast a nice
turkey. You know, has a nice bed that it
can go to sleep in every night. you
know, this agent by itself probably
wouldn't last super long out there on
the savannah. But because we've built
all this infrastructure around it
because we built roads for it, we built
ways for it to communicate and stuff
like that. You know, it's capable of
actually doing a lot of very
economically valuable work for us. And
so, just like human beings, uh, way back
in the day had to conceptualize the idea
of, I don't know, like a like a spear or
something to hunt, um, um, saber-tooth
tigers on the planes, you know. So too
do these agents use tools effectively to
solve problems in their environment and
ultimately get us the users what we
want. Now obviously there's context
window management like we just talked
about and that's for optimizing the
usage of a specific model okay in the
choice of a model. But there's also the
ability to choose different models for
different purposes. Now, throughout most
of the course so far, what I've done is
I've just used mostly naive like Opus
4.6 agents in order to spawn other Opus
4.6 sub agents. And that was mostly for
capability sake because at least in my
case, cost is not a a concern. And I
really do want to eek out the marginal
quality um benefits wherever possible.
But there are a lot of cases
specifically like enterprise and and big
infrastructure ones where, you know,
people are actually comfortable making a
miter tradeoff for quality. I'm going to
draw another one of my famous graphs.
Um, people are comfortable making, you
know, a trade-off in terms of, you know,
cost and then quality. Now, in a lot of
disciplines out there, biology, physics,
chemistry, and stuff, there's this this
idea of like this inverted U curve, and
you can call it whatever the heck you
want. Um, I think the actual name is the
Yorky's Dodson curve.
And what this is is this is basically
like the the optimal point
that combines two different factors. And
so in our case, if we're optimizing for
both cost and quality, okay,
simultaneously, not just cost, not just
quality, you can imagine that the
optimal place to choose on this graph is
probably going to be something like over
here. It's going to be it's going to be
somewhere around here. If you wanted to
minimize cost exactly, we'd probably go
like way over here. But obviously, we
care about quality as well. So, we're
going to push up a little bit, right? We
don't want this point because one, it
costs a lot. And then boom, two, the
quality is pretty low because despite
the fact that quality is really really
high, um you know, cost is like many
many times higher than it was over here.
And so this is sort of like our our
optimal point. And you know, a lot of
large enterprises, since we're dealing
with hundreds of millions of dollars
here, um, are actually comfortable
making a little trade-off where, you
know, if this quality is 85% and then
this one here is, I don't know, 95%,
they're okay taking like a like a 10%
hit here, if it means that they also
reduce their costs by, I don't know,
40%. Or something like that. And this is
really where all this stuff comes in.
Okay? So, I don't mean to talk your ear
off here. It's not super important, but
uh basically uh what a lot of people
have taken to doing now is doing a 60/30
10 rule where they'll use some top level
agent router which is sort of like the
orchestrator in our multi- aent Chrome
window example. And what that agent
writer does is it calls dumber models
and then it assigns different strengths
to tasks. So that you know if you're
giving it a really simple task and you
say hey you know I just want you to
classify this into one of three
categories and it's really dumb. It's
like you know red, blue or green, angry,
serene or or healthy or whatever the
heck. um you don't have to use like
Opus, which is like space age
intelligence and costs you a ton more in
token cost in order to get that done.
Instead, you know, you can get all the
way down to like a haik coup or maybe a
Gemini flash model or something like
that. Likewise, if you have some other
task here and maybe that task requires a
lot of um I don't know, research or
something and you say, "Hey, I want you
to go and compile 200 million tokens
worth of stuff and then um give it to me
in a big report." Well, you know, you
probably don't want the dumbest model to
do that for you, but you also don't need
the most expensive model. So maybe
you'll use something like a sonnet or
like a a lower level GPT model which
might cost 2 or3 million uh $2 or $3 per
million tokens instead. And so you know
this allocation where you have 60 3010
if you think about it like sort of a pie
chart. Um what you do is you designate
you know the vast majority of your token
usage to stuff that is in that first
category which is kind of you know
dumber. And then what you do is you do
the other 30% or so
in sort of that mid tier and then your
really really really smart models, you
know, they do the highest level tasks.
And basically what'll happen for the
most part is this would be, you know,
your Opus 4.6 or your Gemini
3.1 or your GPT 5.4. It would be
responsible for routing decisions and
obviously you want the smartest model
possible for that. But all of the heavy
lifting, all the contacts and stuff like
that is um through sub agents that are
spawned either Haiku, Sonnet or uh you
know, I don't know if if you wanted to
do a really smart call, then you'd
obviously spawn an Opus sub agent like
me as well. And if you do all this, you
could significantly reduce the cost. I
mean, like just just think about it
mathematically. If previously you were
doing 100 million tokens times, you
know, $5 per 1 million tokens, what's
the cost there? Well, that's obviously
going to cost $500. And so that's like
your opus only, right? But if you did 10
million * $5 plus
30 million * $3 plus 60 million * $1.
Well, what's the total cost going to be
now? Well, it's going to be 60 + 90
+ 50 or in total 200. And so you know
200 expressed as a fraction of 500 is
40% of our total cost and we will have
just saved you know 60% with probably
minimal impacts on quality because the
things that we're now spawning you know
dumber agents um to do are things that
to be honest the quality was already
okay a few generations ago back at the
haikus and the sonnetss. So just to give
you an example from something that I do
pretty often, okay, which is going to be
some form of lead scraping. What you can
do is you can actually traverse a very
large portion of the internet using a a
relatively dumb model. These haiku
models, what these do is these um scrape
a vast majority a vast amount of
internet data. Okay, all of the code of
uh I don't know, let's say 10,000
websites or something. And then in doing
so, they just like that little
magnifying glass, use some sort of GP or
extraction prompt to look for things
that are formatted like email addresses.
So if you have like something and then
it's an at and then it's a, you know,
the term gmail.com, odds are this is a
real email address, right? And you store
that to a database. And because this is
just such like a mass data application,
you use haik coup that drives the cost
really, really low. Well, then maybe um
the actual enrichment point, you know,
takes significantly more intelligence.
And so maybe here we'll use sonnet and
it'll cost us uh 0.008 cents per lead.
08 per lead. The actual outreach part is
mostly templated. So we'll use sonnet
for that as well. And then maybe at the
end we just have a quality review step
to make sure things aren't absolutely
nuts. Well, when you do it this way, um
you know, the math ends up being uh 08
plus 05. So that's 013 plus 01.014 plus
015 is 029. And then if you were to go
100% opus, then it would be I don't know
uh about 12 cents or so per lead. And so
on a list of let's just say a thousand,
which is approximately how much I'm
sending a day right now. I'm much
farther down than my maximum. But if we
multiply all these together, we move
that one to three decimal points over to
the left. Then that um ultimately would
be $15 a day
or you know $450 a month. Well, instead
I'm doing that for literally one quarter
of this or something like, you know,
$120 a month instead. Obviously, I'd
much rather the latter. And if my
quality is only going down a few
percentage points because of that
Yorky's Dodson curve, you know, I'm okay
being over here instead of over here
because this gap to me is fine on tasks
that aren't super high and high quality.
Then, uh, this is a very, very efficient
stack. And you know, the bigger and
bigger my company gets, whoever I'm
working with, the more the cost per lead
is going to be important versus the
actual quality. I've included just a
little LLM API pricing cheat sheet. I
don't expect this to be super relevant
or useful to you guys. There are a lot
more models for OpenAI and Google, but I
am actually using um not this model
series anymore, but this one here for
some queries. I'm also using the Flash
model series for some queries as well.
And then what's really cool is a lot of
them offer what's called a batch API now
where you can submit a bulk number of
requests over um simultaneously and then
if you're comfortable waiting like a day
or so what the companies do is they
batch it and then they serve your
requests during periods in which they
have very low inference or low
competition. So maybe in the middle of
the night or something like that. And in
doing so they actually get to load
balance. Like if you think about it,
like if this is like a day and then this
is their load like on their servers and
their neural networks and stuff, you
know, it probably peaks somewhere around
like noon and there's probably like a
couple things and then it's like low
during the during the day, right? I
don't know, this is like 4:00 a.m. What
they'll do is they'll actually take all
of your queries, batch them, and then
they'll just like run them over here
when there's very little competition.
And then later when you know the things
go up and stuff like that again, that's
okay. And in doing so, what they want to
do is they want to shift some of the the
really top end of all of these users um
to the low end to basically fill this so
that they have a lot more like
dependable load instead of these like uh
jagged peaks and whatnot. But anyway,
don't worry too much about that. I just
wanted to cover um some LLM pricing
principles as well, so you guys know not
only how to manage your contacts better,
but also how to um save, especially when
you get into more sophisticated multi-
aent setups like I've been showing you.
And that's it. Thank you guys very much
for watching this video end to end. If
you guys have made it all the way to
this point in the course, you're part of
like the 2 or 3% that actually do. Um,
I'd really appreciate a big solid if you
could do me a favor and subscribe to the
channel. Something like 70% of you
aren't, which significantly hurts my
reach and uh, despite me hating asking
for it, it does help the channel grow.
So, if I've given you guys any value
whatsoever, please do that. You can also
send me over a comment down below asking
any question about any point in the
video. Um, I'm much more engaged than
the average YouTuber. So, the
probability that I will reply is pretty
pretty far up there, I would say,
statistically. Um, if you guys have any,
you know, suggestions for future videos
or future courses, please drop them down
below as well. And above all else, keep
learning and growing with AI agents.
This is by far the biggest and most
impactful of economic changes that I
think any of us will see in our
lifetime. It's a blessed time to be
alive in general. You might as well not
waste it. Make the most out of it. All
right. Um, thank you very much. Feel
free to use the chapter headings to
revisit any section in the course. And
uh looking forward to seeing all y'all
in the next one.